https://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/1975/0116/latest/whole.html#DLM436101

Misuse of Drugs Act 1975 No 116 (as at 05 April 2023), Public Act – New Zealand Legislation

The article provides an overview of drug-related laws and regulations in New Zealand, including the Misuse of Drugs Act and Secondary Legislation Act 2021. It covers controlled drugs, penalties for offenses, provisions for medical practitioners, regulations for drug and substance checking services, and liability protections for service providers. The article emphasizes the importance of licensed drug and substance checking services and preventing drug misuse. It also discusses amendments made to drug laws in the UK and New Zealand, including the addition and repeal of certain substances, and outlines regulations for drug checking services in the UK. The tone is informative and objective.

Questions:

What is the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
When was the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975 enacted?
What does the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975 regulate?
Has the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975 been amended since its enactment?
Who enforces the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975 in New Zealand?
What types of legal documents can be searched for?
Is there an option for advanced search?
What are the available options for browsing?
What is the purpose of the 'tagged sections/clauses' feature?
Can the search results be printed?
Is there a help section for the quick search feature?
Who is the administering agency for this Act?
Are there any amendments to this Act that have not been incorporated?
Is there a way to search within this Act?
What is the title of the legislation?
When was the legislation passed?
What is the note at the end of the section?
Is there a PDF available for download?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What is the title of this Act?
Which ministry administers this Act?
What does section 2A of this Act define?
What is the purpose of section 4A of this Act?
What is a temporary class drug order?
What happened to the temporary class drug notice provision in this Act?
What is the duration of a temporary class drug order?
What is the purpose of section 5 of this Act?
What is the Expert Advisory Committee on Drugs?
What are the functions of the Minister in relation to controlled drugs?
What are the penalties for possession and use of controlled drugs?
Are there any exemptions from sections 6 and 7?
What is the law regarding cultivation of prohibited plants?
What is the penalty for aiding offences against corresponding law of another country?
What is the penalty for theft or misuse of controlled drugs?
What is the law regarding use of premises or vehicle for drug-related activities?
What is the penalty for importing or exporting precursor substances without reasonable excuse?
What is the penalty for money laundering related to drug offences?
What is the law regarding commission of offences outside New Zealand?
What are the provisions for drugs smuggling outside New Zealand?
Are there any miscellaneous provisions related to controlled drugs?
What is the purpose of this act?
What offenses are covered under this act?
What is the burden of proof in cases related to controlled substances?
What is the process for forfeiture of controlled substances?
What protections are provided for persons acting under the authority of this act?
What restrictions are there on the surrender of offenders under this act?
What are the general license conditions for drug and substance checking service providers?
What are the conditions for DDBService providers?
What are the offences related to drug and substance checking?
What are the liabilities of responsible persons if the service provider is an entity?
Is the use of service and test result admissible?
What is the purpose of this law?
What was repealed in this law?
What regulations are included in this law?
How does this law relate to the Poisons Act 1960?
What is the Secondary Legislation Act 2021?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation under the Legislation Act 2019?
What is an approved laboratory according to this Act?
What is the definition of a carrier in this Act?
What is the process for disallowance of secondary legislation under LA19?
When was this Act brought into force?
What is the definition of a CBD product?
What are Class A controlled drugs?
What are Class B controlled drugs?
What are Class C controlled drugs?
What is the definition of a controlled drug?
What is a controlled drug analogue?
What substances are excluded from the definition of a controlled drug analogue?
What is the Medicines Act 1981?
What is an approved product under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What is a non-psychoactive THC analogue?
What is the definition of a coroner?
What does cultivate mean in relation to drugs?
What is the definition of a dentist?
What is the definition of dependent in relation to drug use?
What is a designated prescriber?
What is the definition of a drug and substance checking service provider?
What is a drug information body?
What is included in the definition of entity for a drug and substance checking service provider?
Who is considered a Medical Officer of Health under the Health Act?
What is the name of the Act mentioned in the first sentence?
What is the definition of a medical practitioner according to this text?
What is the definition of a midwife according to this text?
Who does the term 'Minister' refer to in this text?
What is the definition of a non-psychoactive THC analogue according to this text?
What is a nurse practitioner?
What qualifications does a nurse practitioner need?
What is the Nursing Council of New Zealand?
What is an optometrist?
What qualifications does an optometrist need?
What is the Optometrists and Dispensing Opticians Board?
What is the Health Practitioners Competence Assurance Act 2003?
Who is a pharmacist according to the Act?
What is a precursor substance?
What does 'produce' mean in the Act?
What is a prohibited plant according to the Act?
What is the definition of a psychoactive substance under this Act?
Who qualifies as a registered health professional under this Act?
What is the definition of a registered nurse under this Act?
Who is considered a responsible person in relation to a drug and substance checking service provider under this Act?
What is Schedule 5 in relation to controlled drugs?
What is the definition of palliation in this Act?
What does it mean for a person to have something in their possession according to this Act?
How is the percentage of a substance present in a liquid preparation calculated under this Act?
What is the purpose of this Act?
How is the percentage of morphine in a preparation calculated?
What is the definition of a Class A controlled drug?
What is the definition of an approved laboratory according to this Act?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1996?
When was the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2019 passed?
When was the controlled drug analogue paragraph (b) amended?
What is the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What is the Misuse of Drugs (Medicinal Cannabis) Amendment Act 2018?
What is the Coroners Amendment Act 2023?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act 1999?
What is the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What is the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2020?
What is the significance of section 11 of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2020?
What is a drug information body according to section 2(1) of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What is the definition of a drug or substance according to section 2(1) of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What is an entity according to section 2(1) of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What is the definition of a medical practitioner according to section 2(1) of the Health Practitioners Competence Assurance Act 2003?
What is the definition of a midwife according to section 2(1) of the Health Practitioners Competence Assurance Act 2003?
What is a non-psychoactive THC analogue according to section 2(1) of the Misuse of Drugs (Medicinal Cannabis) Amendment Act 2018?
What is the definition of a nurse practitioner according to section 2(1)?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2016?
What changes were made to the Nursing Council by the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
When was the Optometrists and Dispensing Opticians Board inserted into Section 2(1)?
What happened to the definition of pharmacist in Section 2(1) on September 18, 2004?
What is a precursor substance according to Section 2(1)?
When was the definition of precursor substance amended in Section 2(1)?
What happened to prohibited plant paragraph (e) in Section 2(1) on January 13, 1988?
What changes were made to Section 2(1) psychoactive substance by the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
When was Section 2(1) registered health professional inserted and repealed?
When was Section 2(1) standing order inserted?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2019?
What is the Veterinarians Act 2005?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1998?
What is Section 2(1A) referring to?
When was Section 2(1) temporary class drug notice repealed?
What is the definition of a CBD product according to section 2A?
What are specified substances in relation to a CBD product?
What controlled drugs or psychoactive substances are not allowed in a CBD product according to section 2A?
What is the purpose of this legislation?
What substances are listed in paragraph (b)(i) to (v)?
What is the definition of a 'minor psychoactive effect'?
Can the Crown be exempt from this Act?
What is the effect of an Order in Council under this Act?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation made under this Act?
What is the process for disallowing an Order in Council made under this Act?
When was section 3(3) inserted into this Act?
What is Act 2021 (2021 No 7)?
How are drugs classified under this act?
What is the criteria for classifying drugs as Class A, B, or C?
What is the process for amending the schedules that identify controlled drugs and precursor substances?
What is a controlled drug?
What is an Order in Council?
What changes can be made to the schedules of controlled drugs?
What are the limitations on making changes to the schedules?
What is Schedule 5?
How can Schedule 5 be amended?
What is the process for adding a substance to Schedule 5?
What restrictions are there on making an Order in Council under this legislation?
What is the role of the Governor-General in amending the name or description of a controlled drug?
What is the purpose of Schedule 1, Schedule 2, Schedule 3, and Schedule 5?
What kind of amendments can be made to Schedule 1, Schedule 2, Schedule 3, or Schedule 5?
Under what circumstances can an Order in Council not be made under subsection (4)?
What is the status of an order made under this section?
Where can one find the publication requirements for secondary legislation made under this section?
What is the name of the Act?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation under subsection (1) or (1B)?
Who must present the secondary legislation to the House of Representatives?
Is the secondary legislation disallowable?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation made under subsection (4)?
Can the secondary legislation made under subsection (4) be disallowed?
When was section 4 replaced and by what Act?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What changes were made to section 4 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
When were the amendments made to section 4 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What is the significance of section 4(3) being repealed by the Secondary Legislation Act 2021?
What does section 3 of the Secondary Legislation Act 2021 state?
What is the procedure for bringing an Order in Council made under section 4(1) or (1B) into force?
When can a resolution of the House of Representatives approving an Order in Council be made?
When does an Order in Council made under section 4(1) or (1B) lapse?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation made under this section?
Can the order under subsection (1) be disallowed?
What is the context of this text?
What is section 4A(2)?
What is section 4A(3)?
What is section 4A(3)(a)?
What is section 4A(3)(b)?
What is section 4A(4)?
What is section 4A(5)?
What is section 4B about?
What must the Minister do before recommending an Order in Council under section 4(1) or (1B)(1)?
What factors does the Minister have to consider when evaluating a drug?
What is the purpose of the Expert Advisory Committee on Drugs?
How does the Minister determine whether a drug has therapeutic value?
What is the potential impact of a drug's physical or psychological dependence?
What is the significance of a drug's international classification and experience in other jurisdictions?
What is Section 4B of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2000?
What factors does the Minister consider when making a decision under Section 4B(1)?
Under what circumstances can the Minister not make a temporary class drug order?
What types of substances can be specified in an order under this Act?
What criteria must be met for the Minister to make an order under this Act?
How can a substance be described in an order under this Act?
What is the status of an order made under this Act?
What is the Legislation Act 2019?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation under this Act?
What is the process for publishing secondary legislation under this Act?
What is the Ministry of Health's role in publishing secondary legislation under this Act?
What is the process for presenting secondary legislation to the House of Representatives under this Act?
Can secondary legislation be disallowed under this Act?
When was Section 4C inserted and amended in the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2019 and Secondary Legislation Act 2021 respectively?
What is the effect of a temporary class drug order?
How are temporary class drugs treated for legal purposes?
What is prosecutorial discretion in relation to controlled drugs?
When was section 4D inserted and repealed?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2019?
What is section 4E of the Misuse of Drugs Act 2013 about?
When does a temporary class drug order expire?
What happened to section 4E of the Misuse of Drugs Act 2013?
What are the criteria for a substance to be subject to a temporary class drug order?
How long can a temporary class drug order last?
Can a temporary class drug order be renewed?
What is the process for renewing a temporary class drug order?
What happens if a temporary class drug order is revoked?
What is the purpose of presenting secondary legislation to the House of Representatives?
What is the purpose of section 4F?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation made under subsection (2)?
What is the process for disallowance of legislation?
When was section 4F inserted and by which act?
What amendment was made to section 4F(1)(c) and when?
What was inserted in section 4F(3) and when?
What is the status of the legislation referred to in this text?
What is the purpose of the Temporary Class Drug Order?
What happened to section 4G of the Act?
What is the Minister authorized to do under this Act?
What are advisory or technical committees appointed for?
Can members of the committee be paid remuneration?
What is the Fees and Travelling Allowances Act 1951?
What is the responsibility of the Minister regarding the Expert Advisory Committee on Drugs?
What are the functions of the Expert Advisory Committee on Drugs?
What kind of substances does the Expert Advisory Committee on Drugs evaluate?
What recommendations can the Expert Advisory Committee on Drugs make to the Minister?
How does the Expert Advisory Committee on Drugs increase public awareness of its work?
What are the requirements for membership in the committee?
Who appoints the chairperson of the committee?
What is the purpose of section 5AA of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2000?
What is the purpose of Section 5AA(2)(b)(ii)?
When was Section 5AA(2)(b)(iii) inserted and by what act?
What amendment was made to Section 5AA(3)(b) and when?
When was Section 5AA(3)(c) amended and by what act?
What is the process for a laboratory to be approved under Section 5A?
Is a notice under Section 5A considered primary or secondary legislation?
What is the name of the Act being referred to?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation under this Act?
What is the presentation requirement for secondary legislation under this Act?
Can secondary legislation made under this Act be disallowed? If so, by whom?
When was Section 5A inserted and amended in this Act?
What are the functions of the Minister under Section 5B of this Act?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2000?
What does section 5B of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2000 state?
What are the restrictions on dealing with controlled drugs according to this act?
What are the exceptions to the restrictions on dealing with controlled drugs?
What are Class A, B, and C controlled drugs?
What are the penalties for violating the restrictions on dealing with controlled drugs under this act?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for a person who contravenes subsection (1) with a Class A controlled drug?
What is the penalty for conspiracy to commit an offence against subsection (1) with a Class B controlled drug?
What is the minimum term of imprisonment for a person who contravenes subsection (1)?
What is the maximum sentence for an offence relating to a Class A controlled drug?
Under what circumstances must a Judge or court impose a sentence of imprisonment for an offence relating to a Class A controlled drug?
Are there any exceptions to the requirement to impose a sentence of imprisonment for an offence relating to a Class A controlled drug?
What are Class A and Class B controlled drugs?
What happens if someone is convicted of an offence relating to a controlled drug?
What does subsection (1)(f) refer to?
What is the presumption mentioned in subsection (1)(f)?
What is the title of the legislation being referred to?
What was amended by section 12 of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2020?
When was section 6(1)(a) replaced?
What is the content of section 6(2)?
When was section 6(2A) inserted?
What happened to section 6(3) on July 1, 2013?
When was section 6(4) replaced?
What is the name of the act being referred to?
What does section 6(4A) state?
When was section 150(1) of the Criminal Justice Act 1985 replaced?
What amendment was made to section 6(4A) on July 1, 2013?
What does section 7(1)(a) of the act state?
Under what circumstances can a person possess or use controlled drugs?
What is Class C controlled drug?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for contravening subsection (1) with a Class A controlled drug?
What is the maximum fine for contravening subsection (1) with a Class C controlled drug?
Under what circumstances can a custodial sentence be imposed for an offence against subsection (1) relating only to a Class C controlled drug?
What is the purpose of this section?
What is the penalty for an offence against this section?
What is the defence available to a defendant in possession of a controlled drug?
What are the two options for the defendant to prove their defence?
What steps must the defendant take to prove their defence?
What is the genus of plant material mentioned in subsection (3A)?
What is the defence provided in subsection (3A)?
Is there any other defence available apart from subsection (3) or (3A)?
What is the discretion provided in subsection (5)?
What factors should be considered while deciding whether to prosecute for an offence against subsection (1)(a)?
What is the purpose of the comparison mentioned in subsection (6)?
What is the title of this legislation?
When was section 7(1) amended and by what act?
What is the purpose of section 7(3A)?
When was section 7(5) inserted and by what act?
What is the purpose of sections 6 and 7?
What professions are allowed to prescribe, produce, manufacture, supply, or administer controlled drugs?
Who can produce, manufacture, or supply controlled drugs listed in the pharmaceutical schedule?
Under what circumstances can a pharmacist or person under their supervision produce, manufacture, or supply controlled drugs?
Who can issue a prescription or order for controlled drugs?
Can a person who has been lawfully supplied with a controlled drug administer it to themselves?
What advice must a person follow when administering a controlled drug to themselves?
Under what circumstances can a person possess a controlled drug while entering or leaving New Zealand?
Who is authorized to supply controlled drugs in New Zealand?
What is the maximum quantity of controlled drug that a person can possess while entering or leaving New Zealand?
Can a person possess a controlled drug that was lawfully supplied overseas for the purpose of treating a medical condition?
What is the authority given to a person who is authorized to issue a standing order?
What are the limitations and conditions imposed by regulations made under this Act?
What does subsection (3) state?
What does section 6(1)(a) state?
What is the scope of subsection (4)?
What are the prohibitions, limitations, restrictions, or conditions mentioned in subsection (5)?
What is the exception mentioned in subsection (6A)?
What is the definition of 'person' in this section?
What is the meaning of 'supply of controlled drugs' in this section?
What is the purpose of Section 8?
What changes were made to Section 8 on January 31, 2018?
What amendment was made to Section 8(1)(b)(i) and Section 8(1)(f) on July 1, 2022?
What is Section 9 about?
What is the penalty for contravening subsection (1) of Section 9?
What is the defence to a charge under subsection (1) of Section 9?
What is the species of plant mentioned in the text?
Was the plant intended to be a source of any controlled drug?
What law was amended by section 413 of the Criminal Procedure Act 2011?
What does section 10 of the act state about aiding offences in other countries?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for a conviction under section 10(1)(a)?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for a conviction under section 10(1)(b)?
What is the defense to a charge under paragraph (b) of subsection (1)?
What does subsection (5) state?
When was section 10(1)(a) amended and by which act?
When was section 10(1)(b) amended and by which act?
When was section 10(2) amended and by which act?
What is the title of the Act being referred to?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for an offence under section 11(1) of the Act?
What are the different ways in which a person can commit an offence under section 11(1) of the Act?
When was section 10(3) repealed and by which Act?
When was section 10(6) repealed and by which Act?
When was section 10(4) amended and by which Act?
What is the Crimes Act 1961?
What is Section 11(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2013?
What is the penalty for an offence against paragraph (c) of subsection (1) of Section 11(1)?
What modifications are necessary for applying Sections 219, 220, 222, 240, and 246(2) to (5) of the Crimes Act 1961 to construe subsection (1) of Section 11(1)?
What is the offence described in section 12(1) of the Act?
What is the exception mentioned in section 12(1A)?
What was repealed in section 12(1A)?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for a Class A controlled drug offense?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for a Class B controlled drug offense?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for any other controlled drug offense?
When was section 12(1A) inserted and repealed?
What act amended section 12 heading and subsection (1)?
What is the Criminal Procedure Act 2011?
What is section 12A of the Criminal Procedure Act 2011 about?
What are the offences mentioned in section 12A of the Criminal Procedure Act 2011?
What is the penalty for committing an offence under section 12A of the Criminal Procedure Act 2011?
What is the title of this section?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for an offence against subsection (1)?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for an offence against subsection (2)?
When was Section 12A inserted and by which act?
What is the offence described in Section 12AB(1)(a)?
What is the offence described in Section 12AB(1)(b)?
What is section 12AB of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What is the penalty for committing an offence under section 12AB(1)?
When was section 12AB inserted into the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What is section 12AC of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What constitutes an offence under section 12AC(1)?
What is a reasonable excuse under section 12AC(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What is the purpose of importing a precursor substance into New Zealand?
Who is allowed to produce or manufacture a controlled drug from the precursor substance?
Under what circumstances can a pharmacist or any person with the authority and under the immediate supervision of a pharmacist produce or manufacture a controlled drug from the precursor substance?
What are some lawful purposes for which the precursor substance can be used?
In what situation can a person lawfully import a precursor substance into, or export it from, New Zealand for their own medical use?
Under what circumstances can a person export a precursor substance from New Zealand?
What was the offence under subsection (1) that was repealed?
What was section 12B about and when was it repealed?
What was section 12BA about and when was it repealed?
What is section 12C about?
What are the sections mentioned in subsection (1)?
Under what circumstances can proceedings for an offence against subsection (1) be brought?
What penalty does a person committing an offence against this section face?
When does subsection (4) not apply?
What is the presumption mentioned in subsection (5)?
What is section 12C of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What was added to section 12C(1) in 2005?
What was repealed from section 12C(1) in 2015?
What is the application of sections 12E and 12F?
To what areas do sections 12E and 12F apply?
What is the purpose of sections 12E and 12F?
What are controlled drugs and prohibited equipment or material?
What happens if another person intends to import controlled drugs or prohibited equipment into New Zealand?
What happens if D does not know the identity of the other ship?
What happens if D does not know about the exportation of controlled drugs or prohibited equipment?
What are sections 12E and 12F?
What is the definition of exclusive economic zone?
What is the definition of high seas?
What is meant by prohibited equipment or material?
What is section 6(1)(b) of the Customs and Excise Act 2018?
What is the meaning of 'ship' in section 5(1) of the Customs and Excise Act 2018?
When was section 12D inserted and by which act?
What is section 12E about?
What are the conditions for committing an offence under section 12E(1)?
What are the conditions for committing an offence under section 12E(2)?
What is the context of this legal section?
What are controlled drugs?
What constitutes an offence under this section?
What is the punishment for committing an offence under this section?
What is the offence described in this section?
What are the conditions that must be met for someone to be convicted of this offence?
What is the penalty for committing an offence under this section?
Is there a defence available for a person charged with this offence? If so, what is it?
What must a person prove in order to use the defence described in subsection (6)?
What is the penalty for committing an offense under section 12E?
What is the definition of 'controlled drugs' in this context?
Who can D inform if they are the person in charge of the ship and there are controlled drugs on board?
What is the purpose of section 12F?
What constitutes an offense under section 12F?
What is the context of this legal provision?
What is considered 'prohibited equipment or material'?
What is the purpose of section 6(1)(b)?
Who can be charged with an offence under this section?
What is section 6(1)(b) of the law in New Zealand?
What is considered prohibited equipment or material under this law?
What are the penalties for committing an offence under this law?
How does this law apply to ships and their passengers?
What is the role of another person in committing an offence under this law?
What is the corresponding offence under the law of the country to which the prohibited equipment or material is being exported?
How does this law aim to prevent the use of prohibited equipment or material for criminal activities?
What is the offence described in section 6(1)(b)?
What is the defence to a prosecution for an offence under subsection (1) or (3)?
What is the Maritime Powers Extension Act 2018?
What are the prohibited equipment or material mentioned in the act?
What happens if someone has prohibited equipment or material on a ship?
What are the steps that should be taken if prohibited equipment or material is found on a ship?
What is considered as an offence under this act?
What is the penalty for committing an offence against this act?
What is the penalty for possessing a needle or syringe obtained from an unauthorized supplier?
What are the regulations under section 37 regarding the sale, exchange, or supply of needles or syringes?
What is the definition of an authorized representative in this Act?
What is the definition of an approved medical practitioner in this Act?
What is prohibited under this Act?
What is the penalty for possessing a prohibited plant?
What is the defense for possessing a pipe or utensil for using cannabis?
Who can diagnose someone as requiring palliation?
How does section 9(4) apply to a charge under paragraph (b) of subsection (1)?
Who is not allowed to possess the seed or fruit of a prohibited plant?
Who is considered an approved medical practitioner?
What is the definition of a needle in this section?
Who is considered an authorised representative in relation to an agency, association or body?
What are the regulations made under section 37 about?
What is the definition of a pharmacy employee under the Medicines Act 1981?
Who has the authority to issue licenses under the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What changes were made to Section 13(1)(aa) by the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs (Medicinal Cannabis) Amendment Act 2018?
What is the significance of Section 13(4) in the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What drugs are considered controlled under this Act?
What activities are prohibited under this Act?
Who can be granted a license under this Act?
What happens if someone violates the conditions of their license under this Act?
What is the penalty for contravening a licence condition under this Act?
What is the penalty for making false statements in relation to obtaining a licence under this Act?
When was section 14(7) inserted into this Act?
What is the exception to section 14(7)?
What are some examples of actions that constitute an offence under this Act?
What is the penalty for obstructing an officer under this Act?
Under what circumstances can a principal be held liable for the acts of their agent or servant under this Act?
What is the liability of a person who commits an offence with the consent or connivance of another person?
Who else can be held guilty of an offence if a body corporate is convicted of an offence against this Act?
What actions can be taken by a constable, Customs officer, officer of the Ministry of Health, or Medical Officer of Health under this Act?
Are there any regulations made under this Act?
Who is authorised to seize and destroy prohibited plants or seeds under this Act?
What is the purpose of section 19 of this Act?
What happened to section 18A of this Act?
Under what circumstances can a person possess the seed of a prohibited plant?
What is the Search and Surveillance Act 2012?
What is the purpose of the Act?
Who has the power to enter the premises of a person who carries on the business of a producer, manufacturer, seller or distributor of any controlled drug?
What can be demanded and inspected during the inspection?
Under what circumstances can a Medical Officer of Health require a person to produce a controlled drug for inspection?
What is the purpose of this section of the Act?
Who is authorized to make copies or extracts from books or documents related to controlled drugs?
What happens if a person refuses to comply with a demand or requisition made under this section?
What was repealed in Section 19(5)?
What is the role of a Medical Officer of Health regarding drug dependent persons according to this section?
Who can publish statements under subsection (1)?
What are the classes of persons referred to in subsection (3)?
Under what circumstances would a publication not be privileged?
What is the Substance Addiction (Compulsory Assessment and Treatment) Act 2017?
What is the Health and Disability Services (Safety) Act 2001?
Who is allowed to publish a statement under subsection (1)?
Who is exempt from committing an offence under subsection (5)?
What was repealed by section 32 of the Health Sector (Transfers) Act 1993?
When was section 20(3)(a) replaced and by which Act?
What was section 20(3)(b) replaced by and when?
What is the title of the Act being referenced?
What is the significance of the amendments made to section 20(3)?
What does section 21 of the Act relate to?
What is the Nurses Amendment Act 1990?
What is the Policing Act 2008?
What is the penalty for publishing the name of a controlled drug within 5 years of judicial proceedings?
What other enactment does this section not limit?
What powers does the Minister have regarding the importation, manufacture, and use of controlled drugs?
What is the maximum period for which the Minister can prohibit the use of a specified controlled drug?
What is considered an offence under this act?
What are the consequences of violating this act?
Who has the authority to issue notices under this act?
What is the role of the Minister in enforcing this act?
What are the offences mentioned in this section?
What is the penalty for committing an offence under this Act?
What is a notice issued under subsection (1A)?
What is the maximum penalty for an individual who commits an offence against subsection (3)?
What is the maximum penalty for a body corporate that commits an offence against subsection (3)?
Who else may be held liable if a body corporate is convicted of an offence against subsection (3)?
Is a notice issued under this section considered primary or secondary legislation?
Where can secondary legislation made under this Act be found?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation under subsection (1)?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation under subsection (1A)?
What is the transitional exemption under Schedule 1 of the Legislation Act 2019?
Who is required to present secondary legislation made under subsection (1A) to the House of Representatives?
Can secondary legislation be disallowed by the House of Representatives?
When was section 22 heading amended and by which act?
When was section 22(1) amended and by which act?
What is the content of Section 22(1A)?
When was Section 22(1A) inserted and amended?
What is the content of Section 22(2)?
When was Section 22(2) replaced?
What is the content of Section 22(3)?
When was Section 22(3) replaced?
What is the content of Section 22(4)?
When was Section 22(4) inserted and amended?
What is the content of Section 22(5)?
When was Section 22(5) inserted?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1997?
What does section 22(5) of the Criminal Procedure Act 2011 state?
What is section 22(6) of the Secondary Legislation Act 2021 about?
What powers does section 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1997 give to the Minister?
Who can be prohibited from prescribing controlled drugs according to section 23(1)(a)?
What is the role of the Medical Council of New Zealand in the exercise of power by the Minister under section 23(2)(a)?
What professions require a recommendation from a council or board to prescribe medication in New Zealand?
What is the purpose of requiring a recommendation from a council or board for prescribing medication?
Can a designated prescriber who does not fall under paragraph (d) prescribe medication without a recommendation from a council or board?
How can a notice given under subsection (1) be revoked?
Is there any provision for revoking a notice given under subsection (1)?
What is the purpose of this subsection?
What powers do Councils and Boards have under this subsection?
What is the exception mentioned in subsection (5A)?
What is the penalty for prescribing a controlled drug in contravention of a notice under subsection (1)?
Which medical professionals are included in this section?
Has section 23(7) been repealed?
What is the title of the legislation being referenced?
What is the significance of the amendments made to section 23(1)(a)?
When was section 23(1)(aa) repealed and what was the reason for it?
What is the purpose of section 23(2)(ca) and when was it inserted into the legislation?
What was the amendment made to section 23(2)(ca) on December 17, 2016?
When was section 23(2)(d) amended and what was the purpose of the amendment?
What are sections 23(2)(da), 23(2)(db), 23(2)(e), 23(4), 23(5), 23(5A), and 23(6) about?
When were these sections inserted or amended?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is section 23(6) of the Health Practitioners Competence Assurance Act 2003?
What amendment was made to section 23(6) on September 18, 2004?
What is section 23(7) and when was it repealed?
What is the offence described in section 24?
When does subsection (1) of section 24 not apply?
What is the purpose of section 24 of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the definition of a restricted person in this section?
What is the maximum period for emergency treatment under this section?
Who can prescribe controlled drugs to people dependent on them according to section 24A?
What is the Health and Disability Services (Safety) Act 2001 mentioned in this section?
What is the purpose of Section 24(1)?
Who is authorized to prescribe controlled drugs under Section 24(1)?
What are the requirements for a nurse practitioner or designated prescriber pharmacist to prescribe controlled drugs under Section 24(2)?
Under what circumstances does Section 24(3) apply?
What is the maximum period for which a medical practitioner can give written permission under subsection (3)?
Who can renew a permission given under subsection (3) for a further specified period?
Can the period specified under subsection (3) be longer than 3 months? If yes, who needs to agree?
Can a permission given under subsection (3) or renewed under subsection (4) be withdrawn? If yes, by whom and how?
What is the significance of the Medical Officer of Health in relation to permissions given under this section?
What power does the Minister have in relation to this section?
Who can prescribe, administer or supply controlled drugs under this section?
What conditions can be imposed on medical practitioners prescribing controlled drugs?
Where can controlled drugs be prescribed, administered or supplied under this section?
What guidelines must a specified medical practitioner comply with when authorising a nurse practitioner, designated prescriber nurse or designated prescriber pharmacist to prescribe controlled drugs?
How can a notice under subsection (7) be revoked or amended?
What is the significance of the Gazette in relation to this section?
What is the definition of a designated prescriber nurse?
What is the definition of a designated prescriber pharmacist?
What is the meaning of hospital care institution in section 58(4) of the Health and Disability Services (Safety) Act 2001?
Who is considered a restricted person according to section 25(1)?
What is the consequence of prescribing or supplying drugs to a restricted person under section 25(2)(a)?
Who is considered a restricted person?
What is the role of a Medical Officer of Health in controlling the supply of controlled drugs?
What exceptions are there to the prohibition on issuing prescriptions for controlled drugs?
What are the consequences of violating the restrictions on obtaining controlled drugs?
Who has the authority to issue notices under this section?
What happens if a person fails to comply with a notice issued under this section?
Is there a process for appealing a notice issued under this section?
How does this section compare to SR 1966/82 rr 13(2), 2626 regarding arrest by Customs officers?
What is the penalty for committing an offense against this Act?
Under what circumstances can a person be arrested without a warrant?
What offenses have no penalty provided elsewhere in the Act?
What is the limitation period for filing a charging document for an offense against this Act?
When was section 28 replaced and by what Act?
What is section 12C, 12E, and 12F?
What is the significance of the Attorney-General's consent in filing a charging document?
Can a person be arrested without the Attorney-General's consent?
What inquiries can the Attorney-General make before giving consent?
When was section 28A inserted and amended?
What is the purpose of section 28A(1)?
When was section 28A(1) amended and by which act?
What is the purpose of section 29?
Which sections of the law does section 29 apply to?
What must the prosecution prove in order for a defendant to be convicted under section 6 or section 7 or section 12A or section 12AB or section 12AC or section 12E or section 12F?
What is the purpose of Section 29?
What does Section 29 state about knowledge of controlled substances?
What amendments have been made to Section 29?
What is Section 29A about?
What happens during a Judge-alone trial under Section 29A?
What is the Act being referred to?
What happens if the defendant puts the matter in issue?
What is the role of the District Court Judge in a Judge-alone trial?
Can the prosecutor re-open his case if the said question is put in issue after he has closed his case?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
What does section 29A of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978 state?
What changes were made to section 29A(1) and 29A(2) by the Criminal Procedure Act 2011?
What is section 29B of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978 about?
What are the special provisions for an offence against section 6 or section 7 in relation to any cannabis preparation according to section 29B?
What is the definition of plant material according to this law?
What happens in case of a dispute between the prosecutor and defendant regarding the form of preparation?
What is the purpose of section 29C in this law?
What is the defense provided by section 29C for possession of controlled drug analogues?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1982?
What actions related to controlled drugs are considered illegal?
What is the burden of proof in cases involving controlled drugs?
What is the purpose of section 30?
What is an analyst under this section?
What is the significance of a certificate signed by an analyst in proceedings for an offence against this Act?
What is the context of this statement?
What is the purpose of this statement?
What is a controlled drug or precursor substance?
What is a prohibited plant?
What is the significance of the substance being delivered in a sealed package using a traceable system?
What is the role of an approved laboratory and an analyst in charge of that laboratory?
What is the legal implication of the analysis mentioned in the statement?
What is meant by 'until the contrary is proved'?
What are the qualifications and authority required for carrying out the analysis?
What is the authority of the person who signed the certificate?
What is the purpose of this document?
What is the significance of a certificate mentioned in this document?
What are the requirements for a certificate to be admissible in evidence?
What is the role of an approved laboratory in this document?
What is required for a certificate to be admissible in evidence?
What happens if the defendant requires the person who made the analysis to be called as a witness?
Under what circumstances can a certificate referred to in subsection (2) not be admissible in evidence?
Who is included in the definition of 'member of the Police' in this section?
What professions are eligible to receive a certificate under this section?
What does 'served' mean in this context?
Is a notice under this section considered primary or secondary legislation?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation made under this section?
What is the process for disallowance of a notice under this section?
What is Section 31(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What amendment was made to Section 31(1)(a) and when?
What is Section 31(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
When was Section 31(2) last amended?
What is Section 31(2A) of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
When was Section 31(2A) last amended?
When was Section 31(5) inserted into the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the content of Section 31(5) of the Act?
What amendment was made to Section 31(5) paragraph (c) and when?
What does Section 32 of the Act state about forfeiture?
What happens to articles forfeited under Section 32(1)?
What is section 6 of the Act?
What happens to items seized under section 6?
What is the penalty for an offence against section 6?
What can a Judge order in addition to other penalties for an offence against section 6?
What types of vehicles can be forfeited to the Crown under section 6?
What does subsection (4) state?
What is the purpose of forfeiture in this context?
Which sections of the Sentencing Act 2002 apply to the court's decision on forfeiture?
What happens if an order for forfeiture is made under subsection (4)?
What is the purpose of section 137(3) of the Act?
What are the sections that must be paid into a Crown Bank Account according to the Act?
What is the difference between Section 32(5) and Section 32(6) of the Act?
Who are the medical practitioners mentioned in Section 33 of the Act?
What happens if a medical practitioner is convicted of an offence against the Act or regulations?
What is the purpose of section 33 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What happens when someone is convicted under the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
Who receives the particulars of a conviction under the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is the definition of responsible authority in section 5(1) of the Health Practitioners Competence Assurance Act 2003?
What does section 34 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013 state?
What protection does section 34 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013 provide for persons acting under the authority of the Act?
What is the definition of an undercover officer in section 34A of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is the purpose of Section 34A of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
Who can be considered an undercover officer under Section 34A?
Under what circumstances can a prosecution be commenced or continued against a constable under Section 34A?
What is the significance of a certificate signed by the Commissioner of Police under Section 34A?
What is the title of Section 34A?
What amendment was made to Section 34A on October 1, 2008?
What is the purpose of Section 35?
What crimes are deemed to be included in extradition treaties according to Section 35?
What is the Extradition Act 1999?
What is the purpose of subsection (2).(2)?
Which conventions are mentioned in subsection (2).(2)?
What does subsection (3) allow for?
Is there any limitation to subsection (3)?
How does subsection (5) define 'country'?
Which conventions are mentioned in this section?
What offences are included in the Extradition Act 1999?
Which countries does the extradition treaty extend to?
What is the purpose of section 35A?
What is Section 35A?
What does subsection (1) of Section 35A state?
Who is liable to be surrendered under the Extradition Act 1999 according to subsection (1)?
Does Section 35A apply to acts or omissions that do not constitute an offence under New Zealand law?
What is the definition of foreign country in Section 35A?
What is section 10 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1998?
What amendment was made to section 35A(1) on October 1, 2018?
When was section 35A(1) amended and what amendment was made?
What is section 35B about and when was it repealed?
What are the restrictions on surrender of offenders under section 35C?
What sections of the law are mentioned in this text?
Under what circumstances can a person be extradited from New Zealand?
Who is responsible for certifying whether or not proceedings should be brought against a person in New Zealand?
What happens if it is determined that proceedings should not be brought against a person in New Zealand?
When was section 35C replaced and by what act?
Has section 35C been amended and when?
What is the purpose of the certificate given by the Secretary of Foreign Affairs and Trade?
What conventions and treaties are mentioned in the certificate?
What is the significance of the Vienna Convention?
What is Section 35D of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1998?
What is the role of the Director-General of Health in licensing drug and substance checking service providers?
What is Schedule 6.Section 35DA?
What are the functions of a service provider under Section 35DB?
What services do rug and substance checking service providers offer?
What is harm reduction advice in the context of drug and substance use?
How does the testing process work for controlled drugs or psychoactive substances?
What happens to the drug or substance after it has been tested?
What is the role of a service provider in disposing of drugs or substances surrendered for disposal?
What are the requirements for becoming a rug and substance checking service provider?
What is the purpose of providing accurate information about drug and substance use?
What is the purpose of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What functions are specified in paragraphs (a) to (g)?
What is required of a service provider in order to test a drug or substance?
What does a service provider's license entitle them to do?
Under what conditions must a service provider perform their functions?
What is the purpose of section 35DC?
What is the definition of controlled drug in section 35DC and section 35DD?
What are the conditions of the service provider's license mentioned in section 35DB?
What are the actions that an individual can do under section 35DD?
When was section 35DD inserted and by which act?
What are the general license conditions for drug and substance checking?
What sections set out the general license conditions for drug and substance checking?
What is the purpose of section 35DDD?
What does section 35DDE state about service providers?
Under what circumstances does section 35DDE apply?
What information can service providers not require or collect from individuals under section 35DDE?
Are there any exceptions to the personal information collection restrictions in section 35DDE?
What is the meaning of 'collect' in section 7(1) of the Privacy Act 2020?
What are 'other health services' as defined in section 2(1) of the Health and Disability Commissioner Act 1994?
What is the meaning of 'personal information' in section 7(1) of the Privacy Act 2020?
What is section 35DDE and when was it inserted?
What is section 35DDF about?
What must a service provider ensure when advising an individual of the outcome of drug or substance testing?
What harms must be addressed in the advice provided by a service provider?
What is the purpose of harm reduction advice in drug and substance checking?
What is the purpose of Section 35DDF?
What does Section 35DDF require service providers to do?
What information must service providers provide if a drug test indicates the likely identity of a drug or substance?
What information must service providers provide if a drug test does not indicate the likely identity of a drug or substance?
When can service providers form a view on the likely identity of a drug or substance?
What are the harms associated with taking a drug or substance of an unknown identity?
Can service providers be in breach of subsection (2) if an individual refuses to receive advice?
What is clause 6 of Schedule 6 and how does it relate to Section 35DDF?
What is the name of the legislation that requires service providers to securely store controlled drugs or psychoactive substances?
What is the consequence for a service provider who fails to report the loss or removal of a controlled drug or psychoactive substance?
When did the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021 come into effect?
Who must a service provider report the loss or removal of a controlled drug or psychoactive substance to?
What is the purpose of Section 35DDG of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What is the name of the legislation mentioned?
What is the purpose of the legislation?
What are the reporting requirements for service providers under this legislation?
Who must service providers report test results to?
What records must service providers keep under this legislation?
What information is required by subsection (1)(d)?
What information is required by subsection (1)(e)?
What happens if the drug or substance is disposed of by the service provider?
What happens if the drug or substance is provided to another person for disposal?
What happens if the drug or substance is provided to an approved laboratory for testing?
Who is required to provide this information?
Is there a penalty for not providing this information?
What is the purpose of section 35DDJ?
What information must be recorded by a service provider under section 35DDJ?
How long must a service provider retain each record under section 35DDJ?
What does purported identity mean in section 35DDJ?
What are the obligations of a service provider under section 35DDK?
When can the Director-General of Health request information from a service provider under section 35DDK?
Who is authorized to access a site where a service provider is performing functions specified in section 35DB?
What is the purpose of accessing a site under subsection (1)(b)?
What are the conditions for accessing a site under subsection (1)(b)?
What should an authorized person do if requested by the service provider?
What efforts should be made by an authorized person to avoid disrupting the service provider?
Under what circumstances can an authorized person be present in a part of the site where an individual is presenting a drug or substance?
What restrictions are there on making visual or audio recordings of the site or individuals at the site?
What is the purpose of section 35DDK?
What is the definition of an authorised person in section 35DDK?
What is the offence described in section 35DE?
What are the consequences of breaching licence conditions as described in section 35DE?
What is the maximum fine for contravening subsection (1) of section 35DE?
What is the purpose of section 35DDF?
What functions are specified in section 35DB(1)(b) to (e)?
What is the penalty for providing checking services without being licensed under section 35DA?
Who can be held liable under section 35DG?
What is the purpose of section 35DG?
Who can be convicted of an offence under section 35DG?
Under what circumstances can a responsible person or person concerned in the management of an entity be convicted of an offence under section 35DG?
Does section 35DG apply to individuals who are not part of an entity?
When was section 35DG inserted into the Act?
What protections does section 35DH provide for workers of a service provider?
What is the purpose of section 35DI?
What evidence is not admissible in civil or criminal proceedings according to section 35DI?
What was the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
When was section 35DI inserted?
What did section 35DB entail?
When was section 35DA repealed?
What was the function of a drug and substance checking service provider?
When was section 35DC repealed?
What was section 35DD about?
What was the purpose of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2020?
When did sections 35DD, 35DE, 35DF, 35DG, 35DH, and 35DI get repealed?
What did section 35DF prohibit?
What was the content of section 35DI before it got repealed?
What is the title of the legislation that repealed section 35DI?
What provisions were reviewed and reported on under section 35E?
When was the Misuse of Drugs (Medicinal Cannabis) Amendment Act 2018 passed?
What is the timeframe for the Ministry of Health to complete the review under section 35E?
What must the report on the review include according to section 35E?
What changes were made to sections 7(3A), 8(6A), and 13(1A) by the Misuse of Drugs (Medicinal Cannabis) Amendment Act 2018?
How does the Customs and Excise Act 2018 apply to controlled drugs and precursor substances?
What are the controlled drugs and precursor substances referred to in subsection (2)?
What regulations are mentioned in section 37?
What are the regulations that may be made by Order in Council?
What are the purposes for which licences can be issued under this Act?
What are the fees payable for licences under this Act?
Can controlled drugs and prohibited plants be imported, exported, possessed, produced, manufactured, procured, supplied, administered or used without a licence under this Act?
What are the conditions or restrictions that may be imposed on the import, export, possession, production, manufacture, procuring, supply, administration, or use of controlled drugs and the cultivation of prohibited plants?
What is the purpose of section 8 of the controlled drugs act?
What activities related to controlled drugs are regulated by section 8?
What are the requirements for keeping records and furnishing information under section 8?
What is a standing order in relation to controlled drugs?
What conditions or restrictions can be imposed on standing orders for controlled drugs?
What types of medical practitioners are allowed to issue prescriptions for controlled drugs?
What information must be provided when issuing or dispensing prescriptions for controlled drugs?
Under what circumstances can a person possess needles or syringes even if they may be intended for illegal use?
How is the sale, exchange, or supply of needles or syringes regulated under this Act?
What are some of the regulations on controlled drugs outlined in this Act?
What is a prohibited plant according to this Act?
What are some of the measures outlined for the weighing, counting, and measuring of controlled drugs?
What are some of the regulations that can be made under this act?
What is the maximum fine that can be imposed for an offence under this act?
Can any persons or classes of persons be exempted from the regulations under this act?
What actions can be prohibited, controlled, or restricted under this act?
What does this Act regulate?
What kind of regulations can be made under this Act?
How are different controlled drugs or classes of controlled drugs treated under the regulations?
What are the consequences of violating the regulations?
What is secondary legislation?
What are the publication requirements for regulations under this Act?
What is an exemption under this Act?
Who has the authority to grant exemptions under this Act?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation under the Legislation Act 2019?
What is the process for presenting secondary legislation under the Legislation Act 2019?
Can secondary legislation be disallowed under the Legislation Act 2019?
What are the requirements for publication, presentation, and disallowance of secondary legislation referred to in subsection (4)(a) of the Legislation Act 2019?
What is Schedule 1 of the Legislation Act 2019?
What is a transitional exemption under Schedule 1 of the Legislation Act 2019?
What happens if a transitional exemption applies to a presentation of an act by the Minister to the House of Representatives?
What is disallowance in relation to an act?
How can an act be disallowed by the House of Representatives?
What is Section 37(1)(fa) of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2003?
What is Section 37(1)(g) of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is Section 37(1)(ga) and when was it inserted into the act?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act (No 2) 1987?
What is section 37(1)(gb) of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act (No 2) 1987?
When was section 37(3) inserted and by which act?
What is section 37A of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act (No 2) 1987?
What does section 37A(1) of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act (No 2) 1987 state?
Who can make regulations under section 37A of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act (No 2) 1987?
What is the purpose of prescribing minimum quality standards for products containing controlled drugs under section 37A of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act (No 2) 1987?
What types of products do these regulations apply to?
Can regulations be specific to certain products or classes of products?
What is the exception for products containing cannabis plants, fruit, or seeds?
What is the timeline for recommending regulations related to cannabis products?
What is the status of regulations made under this section?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation made under this Act?
What is the purpose of section 37A?
When was section 37A inserted and by which Act?
What is the purpose of section 37B?
What can the Governor-General do under section 37B?
What is the process for disallowance of secondary legislation under this Act?
What is required to apply for a license to be a drug and substance checking service provider?
What forms are prescribed for licenses?
What conditions can be prescribed for licenses?
How can licenses be renewed?
What is the drug information body specified for in section 35DDI?
What records must service providers retain and for how long?
What conditions can be prescribed for service providers?
What requirements can be prescribed for compliance with sections 35DDA to 35DDK?
How can licenses continue in effect despite clause 8 of Schedule 6?
What particulars, information, and documents can be prescribed for license renewal?
What authority does the Director-General of Health have in relation to license renewal applications?
What can happen if a required piece of information or material is not included in an application?
What criteria can be prescribed for license renewal?
Is there a process for reviewing decisions related to license renewal applications?
What is the title of the Act?
When was section 38 repealed?
What does section 39 of the Act state?
Which Orders in Council are revoked according to section 40?
When was Schedule 1AA inserted into the act?
What is the definition of 'existing service provider' in Part 1 of Schedule 1AA?
What is the meaning of 'repeal' in relation to old section 35DA?
Which section repealed old section 35DA?
What is clause 4 of Schedule 6?
When can the Director-General of Health issue a license under clause 4 of Schedule 6?
What is section 37B?
What is Schedule 1AA clause 2?
What does the continuation of current appointments mean in section 3 of the Act?
What is the name of the legislation being referred to?
What is the purpose of clause 4 in the schedule?
What does subclause (2)(a) state about the application of the Act and Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
How are the terms and conditions of the existing service provider's appointment affected by the amendment?
What does section 109(3A) of the Medicines Act 1981 apply to?
What is the effect of subclause (4)(a) on the duration of the appointment?
What is Schedule 1AA clause 3?
What is the effect of Schedule 1AA clause 4?
When does an existing service provider's appointment end?
What happens if an existing service provider applies for a license before the deadline?
What are the conditions for the Director-General to revoke an appointment after the clause comes into force?
What is Schedule 1 Class A controlled drugs?
What are the substances listed under Schedule 1 Class A controlled drugs?
What are the effects of these substances?
What are the legal implications of possessing or distributing these substances?
What are the names of the listed substances?
What are the effects of these substances on the human body?
Are any of these substances illegal?
What is the chemical composition of each substance?
What are the medical uses of these substances?
What is the purpose of this list?
What are some of the substances included in this list?
What is the legal status of these substances?
Why were certain substances added to this list on a specific date?
What are the potential risks associated with these substances?
What substances were inserted into Schedule 1 clause 1 by section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2019?
What are amides and carbamates of methamphetamine?
When were amides and carbamates of methamphetamine inserted into Schedule 1 clause 1?
When was 4-bromo-2,5-dimethoxyamphetamine repealed from Schedule 1 clause 1?
What is Butyrfentanyl?
When was Butyrfentanyl inserted into Schedule 1 clause 1?
What is Carfentanil?
When was Carfentanil inserted into Schedule 1 clause 1?
What is Cocaine?
When was Cocaine inserted into Schedule 1 clause 1?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act?
What is the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order 2022?
What substances are listed in Schedule 1 clause 1?
When was 2,5-dimethoxyamphetamine repealed from Schedule 1 clause 1?
When were DMA and DOB inserted into Schedule 1 clause 1?
When were Cyclopropylfentanyl, 4-Fluoroisobutyrfentanyl, and Furanylfentanyl inserted into Schedule 1 clause 1?
What is the Misuse of Drugs (Changes to Controlled Drugs) Order 2003?
What is MPTP and when was it inserted into Schedule 1 clause 1?
When was 4-methoxyamphetamine repealed from Schedule 1 clause 1?
When were 2-methoxy-4,5-methylenedioxyamphetamine and 3-methoxy-4,5-methylenedioxyamphetamine inserted into Schedule 1 clause 1?
What substances are listed in Schedule 1 clause 1 of the act?
When was α-Pyrrolidinovalerophenone added to Schedule 1 clause 1?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order 2022?
What is the penalty for the misuse of drugs listed in Schedule 1 clause 1?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Order 1981?
What was repealed by section 6(1)(d) of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1996?
What was repealed by section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act (No 2) 2011?
What is TMA?
What was repealed by section 6(1)(e) of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1996?
What is U-47700?
What was inserted by clause 4 of the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order 2022?
What substances are listed in Schedule 1 of the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order 2022?
What is clause 4 of the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order 2022?
What is included in Schedule 2 Class B controlled drugs?
What is listed under Part 1 of Schedule 2 Class B controlled drugs?
What is AB-CHMINACA?
What is AB-FUBINACA?
What is AB-PINACA?
What is 5F-AKB-48?
What is AM-2201?
What is Amphetamine?
What is Cannabis?
What is the definition of 'preparations' in this context?
What are some examples of substances listed under Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 1?
When were AB-CHMINACA and AB-FUBINACA added to Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 1?
What substances are listed in Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 1 of the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order 2022?
When were AB-PINACA, 5F-AKB-48, AM-2201, Amphetamine, and Cannabis added to the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order 2022?
When was Cannabis replaced and amended in the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order?
What drugs are listed in Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 1 of the act?
When was cocaine repealed from Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 1?
When were N-ethyl pentylone, Ethylone, JWH-018, and MDMB-CHMICA inserted into Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 1?
What is the Misuse of Drugs (Changes to Controlled Drugs) Order 2005?
What is Methcathinone?
When was MT-45 added to Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 1?
What is 25B-NBOMe?
When were 25C-NBOMe and 25I-NBOMe added to Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 1?
What substances were added to Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 1 by the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order 2022?
When was Tetrahydrocannabinols inserted into Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 1?
What amendment was made to Tetrahydrocannabinols in 2018?
What is UR-144?
What is XLR-11?
What is clause 1 referring to?
What is the purpose of clause 2?
What was the amendment made to Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 2 on December 18, 2018?
What was the amendment made to Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 2 on May 31, 2002?
What are esters and ethers?
What is the exception for tetrahydrocannabinols and its isomers in clause 2?
What is the definition of 'minor psychoactive effect'?
What changes were made to Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 3 and 4 by the Misuse of Drugs (Medicinal Cannabis) Amendment Act 2018?
What is the Misuse of Drugs (Classification of Fantasy) Order 2001?
What changes were made to Schedule 2 Part 1 clause 3 and 4 by the Misuse of Drugs (Classification of Fantasy) Order 2001?
What are the substances mentioned in clause 1, 2, and 3 of Schedule 2 Part 1?
What are the salts of the substances mentioned in clause 1 and the salts of the isomers, esters, and ethers mentioned in clause 2 or clause 3?
What are the substances excluded from clauses 2 and 3?
What is the definition of minor psychoactive effect?
What is the name of the substance mentioned in clause 1?
What are the substances included in clause 4?
What is the name of the order that inserted clause 6 in Part 1?
What are the substances listed in Part 2?
What is the list of substances included in Schedule 2 Part 2 clause 1?
When was Schedule 2 Part 2 clause 1 amended and what was changed?
What are the effects of the substances listed in Schedule 2 Part 2 clause 1?
What is the legal status of the substances listed in Schedule 2 Part 2 clause 1?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act (No 2) 2011?
What is Lisdexamfetamine and when was it added to Schedule 2 Part 2 clause 1?
When was MDMA repealed from Schedule 2 Part 2 clause 1?
What is Mephedrone and when was it added to Schedule 2 Part 2 clause 1?
What is Schedule 2 Part 2 clause 1?
What substances were repealed on May 30, 2003?
What substance was inserted on September 2, 1996?
What substance was inserted on December 15, 2022?
What substance was inserted on May 30, 2003?
What substance was replaced on September 2, 1996?
What substance was inserted on September 8, 2011?
What is Part 3 referring to?
What is the chemical structure of Acetyl-α-methylfentanyl?
What is the difference between Acetylmethadol and Alphacetylmethadol?
What are the effects of Alfentanil on the body?
Are there any legal restrictions on the use of these substances?
What are these names?
What is the significance of these compounds?
What are the uses of these compounds?
Are these compounds legal?
What are the chemical structures of these compounds?
What is this list of substances?
Are these controlled substances?
What is the chemical composition of these substances?
What are the names of the opioids listed?
Are dextromethorphan and dextrorphan included in this list?
What is the chemical structure of fentanyl?
What is the difference between hydrocodone and hydromorphone?
What is the pharmacological effect of levomethorphan?
What are the names of the different drugs listed?
What is the chemical structure of Metazocine?
What is the common name for 6-dimethylamino-4,4-diphenyl-3-heptanone?
What is the chemical formula for Methyldesorphine?
What is the difference between α-methylfentanyl and 3-methylfentanyl?
What is the use of Nabilone?
What are the names of these chemical compounds?
What are these chemical compounds?
What are the uses of these chemical compounds?
Are these chemical compounds legal?
What are the potential side effects of these chemical compounds?
What is the source of this information?
What is the purpose of listing these substances?
What are Schedule 2 Part 3 clause 1 substances?
Are these substances legal or illegal?
What is the penalty for using or possessing these substances?
What is Schedule 2 Part 3 clause 1?
What substances were inserted into Schedule 2 Part 3 clause 1 by the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1996?
When were α-methylfentanyl, 3-methylfentanyl, α-methylthiofentanyl, 3-methylthiofentanyl, MPPP, and Nabilone inserted into Schedule 2 Part 3 clause 1?
When was Nabilone inserted into the Misuse of Drugs Order 1981?
What is Schedule 2 Part 3 clause 1 PEPAP?
When was Remifentanil added to Schedule 2 Part 3 clause 1?
What is Sufentanil and when was it added to Schedule 2 Part 3 clause 1?
When was Tapentadol added to Schedule 2 Part 3 clause 1?
What is Thiofentanyl and when was it added to Schedule 2 Part 3 clause 1?
When was Tilidine added to Schedule 2 Part 3 clause 1?
What substances are mentioned in Part 1 of Schedule 2 of the Misuse of Drugs Order 1981?
What is meant by 'isomers' and 'esters' in this context?
What are Class C controlled drugs according to Schedule 3?
What is cannabis fruit and plant?
What is Catha edulis plant?
What is coca leaf and genus Erythroxylon?
What are BZP, TFMPP, pFPP, MeOPP, mCPP, and MBZP?
What is Flubromazolam?
When was Flubromazolam added to Schedule 3 Part 1 clause 2?
What is the purpose of Schedule 3 Part 1 clause 2?
What is Schedule 3 Part 1 clause 3 referring to?
What is the Misuse of Drugs (Classification of BZP) Amendment Act 2008?
What is the purpose of Schedule 3?
What are the substances mentioned in clause 2?
What is the effect of the Misuse of Drugs (Classification of BZP) Amendment Act 2008 on Schedule 3?
What substances are included in Part 2 of the codeine classification?
What is propoxyphene and why is it exempt from the codeine classification in certain preparations?
What is the purpose of Schedule 3 in the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act?
What is the difference between Schedule 3 Part 2 Dihydrocodeine before and after the amendment in 2000?
When was Propoxyphene replaced in Schedule 3 Part 2?
What substances are listed in Part 3 of Schedule 3?
When was Dihydrocodeine repealed in Schedule 3 Part 3?
What substances are listed in Part 3 of the schedule?
What is the difference between clause 1 and clause 2 in Part 3?
When was clause 6 of Part 3 repealed?
What substances are listed in Part 4 of the schedule?
What are the names of the drugs listed?
What is the classification of Ketamine?
When was Allobarbital inserted into Schedule 3 Part 4 clause 1?
What act allowed for Butalbital to be inserted into Schedule 3 Part 4 clause 1?
What is SR 2009/255?
What is Schedule 3 Part 4 clause 1?
What substances are mentioned in this part?
What are isomers of the substances mentioned in this part?
What are esters and ethers of the substances mentioned in this part?
What are the salts of the substances mentioned in this part?
What is the exception mentioned in clause 5?
What is this a list of?
What is the purpose of Schedule 3 Part 4 clause 5?
When was this list amended and by whom?
What are some of the substances listed in Part 5?
What is the chemical composition of Amfepramone?
What are the medical uses of Diazepam?
Is Phentermine a controlled substance?
What is the purpose of this text?
What is the significance of the dates mentioned in the text?
What are some examples of drugs listed in Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Order 1998?
What drugs were inserted in Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1 by the Misuse of Drugs Order 1998?
When were the drugs Clonazepam, Clorazepate, Clotiazepam, Cloxazolam, Delorazepam, and Diazepam inserted in Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1?
When was Ephedrine repealed from Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1?
What drug was inserted in Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1 on January 1, 1999, by clause 2 of the Misuse of Drugs Order 1998?
What is Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1 of the Misuse of Drugs Order 1998?
When were Ethyl loflazepate, Fludiazepam, Flunitrazepam, Flurazepam, Halazepam, Haloxazolam, Ketazolam, and Loprazolam inserted into Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1 of the Misuse of Drugs Order 1998?
What drugs are listed in Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1 of the Misuse of Drugs Order 1998?
When were Lorazepam, Lormetazepam, Medazepam, Midazolam, Nimetazepam, Nitrazepam, and Nordazepam inserted into Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1 of the Misuse of Drugs Order 1998?
When was Mazindol replaced in Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1 of the Misuse of Drugs Order?
What drugs are listed in Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1?
When were these drugs inserted into the Misuse of Drugs Order?
When was Pseudoephedrine repealed from the Misuse of Drugs Order?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs Order?
When were mazepam, tetrazepam, and triazolam inserted into Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1?
What substances are included in Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 1?
What is clause 2 of Schedule 3 Part 5?
What is clause 3 of Schedule 3 Part 5?
What is clause 4 of Schedule 3 Part 5?
What is clause 5 of Schedule 3 Part 5?
What is Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 5A?
What is the maximum amount of propoxyphene base allowed in oral use preparations according to Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 5A?
What is Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 6?
When was Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 6 inserted?
When were Schedule 3 Part 5 clause 5A replaced and by what clauses?
What substances are included in Part 6 of the Misuse of Drugs Order 1982?
What are the conditions for preparations containing acetyldihydrocodeine, codeine, dihydrocodeine, ethylmorphine, and pholcodine to be exempt from control under the Misuse of Drugs Order 1982?
What is the maximum concentration allowed for preparations of cocaine under the Misuse of Drugs Order 1982?
What are the pharmacologically active ingredients in the preparations mentioned?
What is the maximum amount of difenoxin allowed per dosage unit in the mentioned preparation?
What is the minimum quantity of atropine sulphate required in the difenoxin preparation?
What is the maximum percentage of morphine allowed in the mentioned preparation?
What are the restrictions on the other pharmacologically active ingredients used in the opium or morphine preparation?
How are the preparations formulated to prevent abuse and health risks?
What are single dosage units of diphenoxylat?
What is the maximum amount of diphenoxylate allowed in a dosage unit according to Schedule 3 Part 6 paragraph (e)?
What is the purpose of atropine sulphate in liquid preparations of diphenoxylate according to Schedule 3 Part 6 paragraph (f)?
What is the maximum amount of propiram allowed per dosage unit according to Schedule 3 Part 6 paragraph (ff)?
What is the composition of ipecacuanha and opium powder according to Schedule 3 Part 6 paragraph (g)?
What is the condition for mixtures containing one of the preparations specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) according to Schedule 3 Part 6 paragraph (h)?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Order 1978?
What is Part 7 Schedule 3?
What are amphetamine analogues?
What are the different radicals that can be attached to the 1-amino-2-phenylethane nucleus?
What are pethidine analogues?
What are the different radicals that can be attached to the 4-phenylpiperidine nucleus?
What is the chemical structure of phencyclidine analogues?
What are the different alkylamino radicals that can be present in phencyclidine analogues?
What are the different aryl radicals that can be present in phencyclidine analogues?
What are the different combinations of alkyl and aryl radicals that can be present in phencyclidine analogues?
What is the maximum number of carbon atoms that can be present in the alkyl and aryl radicals of phencyclidine analogues?
What are the different types of radicals that can be attached to the nitrogen atom in phencyclidine analogues?
What are the different types of radicals that can be attached to the benzene ring in the phenalkyl radical of phencyclidine analogues?
What is the maximum number of alkyl and alkoxy radicals that can be present in the benzene ring of phencyclidine analogues?
What is the maximum number of alkylcarbonyloxy, alkoxycarbonyl, or hydroxy radicals that can be attached to the 4 position in the piperidine ring of phencyclidine analogues?
What are fentanyl analogues?
What is the structure of the N-[1-(2-phenethyl)-4-piperidyl]aniline nucleus?
What radicals can be attached to the aryl radical in fentanyl analogues?
What is the structure of the 3-arylquinazolin-4-one nucleus?
What radicals can be attached to the 3-arylquinazolin-4-one nucleus in methaqualone analogues?
What is DMT?
What are the additional radicals that can be attached to the aryl rings in DMT analogues?
What changes were made to Schedule 3 Part 7 Amphetamine analogues paragraph (d)?
When was Schedule 3 Part 7 Fentanyl analogues paragraph (c) amended and what was the amendment?
What is Schedule 4 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1996?
What substances are listed in Part 1 of Schedule 4?
When was Acetic anhydride added to Schedule 4?
When was Ephedrine repealed from Schedule 4?
When was Norfentanyl added to Schedule 4?
What is the Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order 2022?
What substances are listed in Schedule 4 Part 1 clause 1 of the order?
When were these substances inserted into the order?
What are the implications of these substances being listed in Schedule 4 Part 1 clause 1 of the order?
What is Schedule 4 Part 1 clause 1?
What substances are listed in Schedule 4 Part 1 clause 1?
When was Propionyl chloride inserted into Schedule 4 Part 1 clause 1?
When was Pseudoephedrine repealed from Schedule 4 Part 1 clause 1?
What is listed in Part 2 of Schedule 4?
When was Acetic anhydride repealed from Schedule 4 Part 2 clause 1?
When was Hydriodic acid inserted into Schedule 4 Part 2 clause 1?
What substances were inserted into Schedule 4 Part 2 clause 1 on December 15, 2022?
When was potassium permanganate repealed from Schedule 4 Part 2 clause 1?
What are the salts of the substances listed in Schedule 4 Part 2 clause 1?
What substances are listed in Schedule 4 Part 3 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What is listed in Schedule 5 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What is the amount at which 25B-NBOMe is presumed to be for supply according to Schedule 5?
What is the chemical composition of 25C-NBOMe?
What is the drug 25I-NBOMe?
What is the maximum quantity of Amphetamine that can be possessed?
What is the maximum quantity of Morphine that can be possessed?
What is the maximum quantity of Cocaine that can be possessed?
What is the maximum quantity of Heroin that can be possessed?
What is Ketamine?
What is the maximum quantity of Lysergide that can be possessed?
What is DOB?
What is the quantity of MDMA allowed in each drug form?
What is N-ETHYL MDA?
How much Tetrahydrocannabinol is allowed?
What is the maximum quantity of cannabis plant allowed?
What is BZP?
What is the quantity of TFMPP in each drug form?
How much MBZP is contained in each tablet or capsule?
What is the maximum amount of Methamphetamine allowed to be possessed?
What is the legal limit for possessing Pseudoephedrine?
Is Ephedrine allowed to be possessed without a prescription?
What is the maximum amount of Ethylone and N-ethyl pentylone allowed?
Is Ethylone and N-ethyl pentylone allowed to be contained in a substance, preparation, or mixture?
What is Schedule 5 clause 1 referring to?
What substances were inserted into Schedule 5 clause 1 of the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply) Order 2022?
When were these substances inserted into the Schedule 5 clause 1?
What is PMMA?
What are synthetic cannabinoids?
What are synthetic opioids?
When was 25B-NBOMe inserted into the Misuse of Drugs?
What is the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply—25B-NBOMe, 25C-NBOMe, and 25I-NBOMe) Order 2016?
What substances are listed in Schedule 5 clause 1 of the Misuse of Drugs (Classification and Presumption of Supply—25B-NBOMe, 25C-NBOMe, and 25I-NBOMe) Order 2016?
When were Ephedrine and Pseudoephedrine added to Schedule 5 clause 1?
When was Ketamine added to Schedule 5 clause 1?
When was BZP added to Schedule 5 clause 1?
What is Schedule 5 clause 1 TFMPP?
When was Amphetamine added to the list of controlled drugs?
What happens if a drug is not specified in clause 1?
What is Schedule 6 of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What does Schedule 6 cover?
What is the process for issuing licences under Schedule 6?
Who can refuse to process an application for licence under Schedule 6?
What happens if the Director-General of Health requests further information?
Who makes the decision on a licence application under Schedule 6?
What factors are considered when deciding whether an applicant is suitable for a licence?
What factors are considered when deciding whether information and harm reduction advice is accurate and appropriate?
Can the Director-General of Health impose conditions on a licence under Schedule 6?
How long is a licence valid under Schedule 6?
Under what circumstances can the Director-General of Health suspend or cancel a licence under Schedule 6?
Can a service provider surrender their licence under Schedule 6?
What is the process for reviewing decisions made under Schedule 6?
What can a service provider do while a decision to suspend or cancel their licence is under review?
What other matters are covered by Schedule 6 of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What is the process for applying to be a drug and substance checking service provider?
What are the requirements for an application for a licence to be a drug and substance checking service provider?
Can the Director-General of Health refuse to process an application for a licence?
What is clause 1.2 of Schedule 6 of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What happens if the Director-General of Health refuses to process an application according to Schedule 6 clause 1.2?
What is Schedule 6 clause 2 of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What can the Director-General of Health do under Schedule 6 clause 3 of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
When was Schedule 6 clause 3 inserted into the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What is the purpose of this decision on licence application?
What are the criteria that need to be met for the Director-General of Health to issue a licence?
What is the role of the applicant in ensuring appropriate standards are met?
What are the requirements for workers who perform functions related to controlled drugs or psychoactive substances?
What is the importance of storing controlled drugs or psychoactive substances securely?
What information and harm reduction advice should be provided by the applicant?
What obligations should the applicant consider?
What is the Privacy Act 2020?
What are the information privacy principles set out in section 22 of the Privacy Act 2020?
What happens if a relevant person has been convicted of an offence against the Privacy Act 2020 or had their licence revoked?
What is the role of the Minister in approving licences under the Privacy Act 2020?
What factors does the Minister consider when deciding whether to approve an applicant for a licence under the Privacy Act 2020?
What happens if the Director-General of Health is not satisfied with any of the matters listed in subclause (1) of the Privacy Act 2020?
What is the process if the Director-General of Health decides to decline an application for a licence under the Privacy Act 2020?
What is the definition of 'relevant person' in the context of the Privacy Act 2020?
What is the meaning of 'relevant person' in clause 4?
What is the definition of 'suitable' in clause 5?
What factors does the Director-General of Health or the Minister consider when deciding if an applicant is suitable?
What was the amendment made to Schedule 6 clause 4 on December 7, 2021?
What Acts are referred to in paragraph (a) of this text?
What is the definition of 'dishonesty' according to section 2(1) of the Crimes Act 1961?
What does paragraph (b) of this text refer to?
What factors are considered when assessing the nature and seriousness of an offence or non-compliance?
What is the relevance of offending or non-compliance to the functions of service providers?
What is considered when assessing the time that has elapsed since the offending or non-compliance?
What other grounds may be considered when assessing an applicant's ability to comply with requirements of this Act, its regulations, or the applicant's license condition?
What is Schedule 6 clause 5?
What are the principles that the Director-General of Health must have regard to when deciding whether information or harm reduction advice is accurate and appropriate?
What is the purpose of clauses 4 and 9?
When was the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021 enacted?
What factors does the Director-General of Health or the Minister consider when deciding if an applicant is suitable for a drug and substance checking service?
What is Schedule 6 clause 6?
What authority does the Director-General of Health have over service providers?
What are the criteria for issuing a service provider's license?
What types of conditions can the Director-General of Health impose on a service provider's license?
How does the Director-General of Health determine if a condition is necessary or desirable?
What is clause 4 of the Health and Disability Services (Safety) Act?
What is the role of the Director-General of Health in amending or revoking a condition under clause 4?(3)
What are the conditions for the Director-General of Health to amend or revoke a condition under subclause (1)(b)?
How much notice must be given to the service provider before imposing a new condition under subclause (1)(b)?
What happens if the service provider requests or agrees to the amendment, revocation, or new condition?
What are the additional conditions imposed by sections 35DDA to 35DDK?
What are the requirements that may be specified under clause 4(5)(b)(ii)?
What does clause 6 of Schedule 6 of the Act state?
What is the duration of a service provider's licence according to clause 8 of Schedule 6 of the Act?
Under what circumstances can a service provider's licence be cancelled according to clause 8 of Schedule 6 of the Act?
What is the role of the Director-General of Health in relation to specifying a shorter licence period for a service provider under clause 8(1)(a) of Schedule 6 of the Act?
What does clause 10 of Schedule 6 of the Act state about surrendering a licence?
What is the purpose of section 13 of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What is the significance of the date 7 December 2021 in relation to Schedule 6 of the Act?
What is the name of the legislation?
Who has the authority to suspend or cancel a service provider's licence according to this legislation?
Under what circumstances can a service provider's licence be suspended or cancelled?
What principles must the Director-General of Health consider when deciding if a service provider has breached a condition?
Is there a specific requirement for service providers in section 35DDF of the legislation?
What actions can the Director-General of Health take regarding a service provider's licence?
What must the Director-General do before cancelling a service provider's licence?
When must a service provider surrender their licence?
What happens if a service provider does not surrender their licence when required?
What is the decision.Schedule 6 clause 11?
What happens after receiving an application for review under clause 11?
Who conducts the review under clause 11?
Can the reviewer be an employee of the Ministry of Health?
What happens if the reviewer considers the decision well founded?
What happens if the reviewer does not consider the decision well founded?
What must the Director-General of Health do after considering the reviewer's recommendation?
What information must be included in the written notice given to the applicant?
When does the notice have effect?
What is clause 12(4)(b)?
What functions can a service provider perform despite the suspension or cancellation of their license?
Under what circumstances can a service provider perform other functions with the Director-General of Health's approval?
What additional conditions can the Director-General of Health impose on a service provider's license?
When must the Director-General of Health provide written reasons for imposing an additional condition?
When does an additional condition cease to have effect?
What is Schedule 6 clause 13 about?
Is a license issued to a service provider transferable?
What is Schedule 6 clause 14 about?
What is the Director-General of Health's responsibility according to Schedule 6 clause 15?
When was the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978 passed?
What is the date of commencement of the Act?
What is the purpose of Part 2 of the Act?
What is the definition of dealing in cannabis on a substantial scale?
What is the definition of drug dealing offence?
What is a Class B controlled drug?
What is an emergency permit under section 19?
What is meant by a facility in this context?
What does intercept mean in relation to private communication?
What is an interception device?
What is excluded from the definition of an interception device?
What is an interception warrant and how is it granted?
What is an organised criminal enterprise?
How is a prescribed cannabis offence defined?
What is a private communication according to this definition?
What is a tracking device?
What is the purpose of a tracking device?
What is considered a private communication?
What is the definition of craft, goods, package, and vehicle in section 12?
When was section 10(1) dealing in cannabis on a substantial scale inserted?
When was section 10(1) drug dealing offence replaced?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978 Amendment Act 2015?
What changes were made to section 10(1) emergency permit by the Crimes Amendment Act 2003?
When was section 10(1) facility inserted and by which act?
What is an interception device according to section 10(1)?
What amendment was made to section 10(1) interception warrant by the Crimes Amendment Act 2003?
Why was section 10(1) listening device repealed?
What does section 10(1) organised refer to?
What does Section 10(1) prescribe?
When was Section 10(3) replaced and amended?
What was repealed by Section 10(3)?
What is the purpose of Part 11?
What is the purpose of Section 11?
What amendment was made to Section 11 on October 1, 2018?
What amendment was made to Section 11 on April 1, 1998?
What are the special powers of Police and Customs officers according to Section 12?
Under what circumstances can a Customs officer leave or replace a controlled drug or precursor substance in or on a craft, package, mail, vehicle, or goods according to Section 12?
What powers are granted to Customs officers under subsection (1)?
What happens if a package contains a controlled drug or precursor substance?
Are Customs officers or carrier employees liable for any criminal or civil charges when exercising their powers under this section?
What is the title of Section 12?
When was Section 12 amended and by which Act?
What is the content of Section 12(1)?
Which Acts have made amendments to Section 12(1)?
What is section 12(1)(c) of the Postal Services Act 1998?
What is section 334(4) of the Search and Surveillance Act 2012?
What is an international controlled delivery?
What is the purpose of allowing an international controlled delivery?
What is the liability for offences related to international controlled delivery?
What is the purpose of section 12D?
What offences does section 12D apply to?
What is the liability of persons involved in an international controlled delivery?
When was section 12D inserted into the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1985?
What is section 116(a)(ii) of the Policing Act 2008?
What is internal concealment?
What happens if a person is believed to have a controlled drug secreted within their body?
What is an unlawful purpose in relation to controlled drugs?
What is Section 13A of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What are the duties of a constable or officer of Customs under Section 13B of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What kind of examinations can be performed on a detained person in New Zealand?
Who is authorized to perform medical examinations on detained persons in New Zealand?
Is a detained person required to give consent for an examination?
What is the purpose of explaining the examination procedure to a detained person?
What is the purpose of this examination?
Who is authorized to conduct the examination?
Can a detained person refuse to undergo the examination?
What happens if a detained person changes their mind about undergoing the examination?
What arrangements need to be made for the examination?
Are there any limitations on the type of examination that can be conducted?
What rights does a detained person have during this process?
What is section 13C of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1985?
What is the purpose of recording the particulars of a detained person who requests or consents to the administration of a laxative?
Who is responsible for recording the particulars of a detained person who requests or consents to the administration of a laxative?
What happens to the recorded particulars of a detained person who requests or consents to the administration of a laxative?
What is section 13D of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1985 about?
Who can issue a certificate under section 13D?
What is section 13A?
What is the purpose of the medical examination described in this section?
What are the different forms of certification that can be given after the examination?
Who receives a copy of the certificate given under subsection (1)?
What is section 2 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1985?
What is a detention warrant under section 13E of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1985?
Who can apply for a detention warrant under section 13E of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1985?
What information must be included in an application for a detention warrant under section 13E of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1985?
What is the purpose of a detention warrant under section 13E of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1985?
When was the detained person asked if they wished to undergo an examination under section 13C(1)?
What was the detained person's response to undergoing an examination under section 13C(1)?
What were the reasons given by the detained person for a negative response to undergoing an examination under section 13C(1)?
What were the results of any examination conducted under section 13C(1)?
Under what circumstances can a District Court Judge permit an application under this section to be made on oath orally?
What factors may a Judge consider when considering an application made under this section?
What happens if an application is made under this section?
What is the purpose of section 13B?
What are the requirements for obtaining a detention warrant?
What types of controlled drugs are mentioned in this section?
How long can a person be detained under a detention warrant?
What circumstances would result in the detention being brought to an end before the specified period?
What is section 13H of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What are the conditions that a Judge may impose on a detention warrant under section 13H?
What is section 13E of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
When was section 13E inserted into the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What amendment was made to section 13E(1) in 2008?
What is section 13EA of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What searches can a constable or Customs officer undertake under section 13EA?
What are the circumstances that must exist for a rub-down search or strip search to be conducted under section 13EA?
What is the purpose of section 13EA?
Under what circumstances can a constable or Customs officer conduct a search under subsection (1)?
What happens if a Class A or Class B controlled drug is found during a search under subsection (1)?
Can reasonable force be used during a search under subsection (1)?
What happens if a person undergoing a search requests an internal examination?
What is section 13EA of the Policing Act 2008?
What does a rub-down search mean according to section 13EB?
What amendments were made to section 13EA in 2008?
What other sections reference or are related to section 13EA and 13EB?
What is the definition of a strip search according to section 13EC?
What does section 13EA authorize in terms of searches?
What items are included in a rub-down search according to section 13EB?
What is the purpose of section 13EB?
When was section 13EB inserted into the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act?
What is a strip search?
What actions can the person conducting the search require?
What areas of the body can be visually examined during a strip search?
What items can be searched during a strip search?
Are there any limitations to what can be inserted into orifices during a strip search?
What is Section 13ED?
What are the restrictions on searches associated with detention warrant according to Section 13ED?
Who can carry out a rub-down search or strip search according to Section 13ED?
What is the purpose of conducting a search with decency and sensitivity according to Section 13ED?
What is the requirement for conducting a strip search according to Section 13ED(3)?
What is section 13EE of the Policing Act 2008?
What is required in the written report of a search conducted under section 13EA?
Who must receive the written report of a search conducted under section 13EA?
When was section 13EE inserted into the Policing Act 2008?
When was section 13EE amended and why?
What happens on the grant of a detention warrant under section 13F?
What is the purpose of appointing a barrister or solicitor and a medical practitioner under section 13E?
What are the functions of the barrister or solicitor appointed under section 13E?
What are the functions of the medical practitioner appointed under section 13E?
What should the barrister or solicitor appointed under section 13E report to the Judge?
What should the medical practitioner appointed under section 13E report to the Judge?
What are the responsibilities of the medical practitioner appointed under subsection (1)?
Under what circumstances can a detained person consult a barrister or solicitor of their choosing?
Under what circumstances can a detained person consult a medical practitioner of their choosing?
Who has the right of access to a person detained under section 13A?
What directions can a District Court Judge give to a barrister, solicitor or medical practitioner appointed under section 13F?
When was section 13F inserted and by which act?
Under what circumstances can a barrister or solicitor have the right of access to a person detained under section 13A?
Who is considered a patient under this section?
Who can have access to the detained person?
What conditions must be met for someone to have access to the detained person?
When does detention under section 13A cease?
Under what circumstances can a detained person be released from detention?
What is required for a District Court Judge to grant a detention warrant or renewal of a detention warrant?
What is a Class A controlled drug?
What is a detention warrant?
What is required for an application for renewal of a detention warrant?
What are the particulars that need to be set out in an application for renewal of a detention warrant?
What is section 13C?
What is section 13D(1)?
What is section 13EA?
What circumstances are considered under section 13EA?
What are the results of the search conducted under section 13EA?
What matters can the barrister or solicitor appointed under section 13F draw to the attention of the Judge?
What matters can the medical practitioner appointed under section 13EA draw to the attention of the Judge?
What matters can any barrister or solicitor who is acting for the detained person draw to the attention of the Judge?
What other information may be required by the Judge for such applications?
Who needs to be notified of every such application?
What is the exception mentioned in section 13EA?
What is the context of this paragraph?
Who is entitled to see or hear evidence under this subsection?
What limitations are there on the evidence that can be seen or heard?
What factors can a Judge consider when reviewing an application under this section?
What additional steps can a District Court Judge take before renewing a detention warrant under this section?
What is required for a detention warrant to be renewed?
How long is a renewal of a detention warrant valid for?
What happens if an application for renewal is made before the warrant expires?
Are there any limitations or exceptions to this section?
What is section 13I?
What are the conditions that a Judge may impose when granting a renewal of a detention warrant under this section?
How long can a detention under section 13A continue?
When was section 13I inserted and amended?
What are the powers conferred by sections 13A to 13I?
What is the purpose of Section 13J of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the effect of Section 13K on confessions or admissions made by a detained person?
Is there a right to appeal under Section 13L of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
When was Section 13J inserted into the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is a relevant offence under Section 13K?
What evidence is the detained person and their counsel entitled to see or hear?
What kind of appeal process is allowed under this section?
What factors can the High Court take into account during an appeal?
Can the court call for a report from a barrister, solicitor, or medical practitioner during an appeal?
Who can attend a detained person as a patient?
What actions can the High Court take on hearing an appeal under this section?
What happens if the High Court reverses the decision to grant a detention warrant or its renewal?
Is the decision of the High Court on an appeal under this section final?
What is the purpose of Section 13L?
What information should be included in the annual reports prepared by the Commissioner of Police and Chief Executive of New Zealand Customs Service?
a) Number of applications for detention warrants
b) Number of applications for renewals of detention warrants
c) Number of granted and refused applications for detention warrants and renewals
d) Average duration of detention warrants granted
e) Number of prosecutions resulting from evidence obtained during detention warrants and their results
f) Number of rub-down searches and strip searches undertaken
What is section 13EA about?
What changes were made to section 13M on October 1, 1996?
What amendment was made to section 13M on October 1, 2008?
What is the purpose of section 13M?
What is section 38 about?
How are fines imposed in cases where a person is found guilty of an offense?
What is a drug dealing offence?
Can a court impose a greater fine on someone convicted of a drug dealing offence?
Under what circumstances can a court impose a greater fine?
What happens if the court is satisfied that money or assets were acquired from the offence?
Can a court consider previous conduct when imposing a fine for a drug dealing offence?
Under what circumstances can a fine be greater than usual?
What notice must the prosecutor give before seeking to adduce evidence?
Can the court allow shorter notice in certain situations?
What is the purpose of section 39(1)?
Can a court impose a fine greater than the maximum prescribed by section 6(3) of the principal Act?
Under what circumstances can a court not exercise its power conferred by section 39(1)?
What happens if the offender fails to explain the source of money or assets in a case to which section 38 applies?
What is section 39?
What is the purpose of section 42?
What happens if an offender fails to explain the source of their assets?
How does the court determine if money or assets were derived from a drug dealing offence?
What is the consequence of making a disposition of money or assets to defeat the court's power under section 38 or section 39?
What is section 43 about?
What happens if an offender is sentenced to pay a fine for a drug dealing offence?
Which Acts apply to the enforcement of fines?
Who can make orders in respect of money or assets belonging to the offender?
What does Registrar mean in subsection (3)?
When was section 43(1) amended and what was the amendment?
What is the purpose of section 45?
When was section 45 heading amended and why?
What happens if the Registrar of the District Court is satisfied that payment of a fine may be more effectively enforced in the High Court?
What is section 13A of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
Who administers Part 48 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
What is Schedule 2 of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
Why have you been detained under section 13A of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
What rights do you have during detention?
What types of medical examinations may be offered during detention?
Can medical examinations be performed without consent?
What happens if you refuse a medical examination?
What is a detention warrant and when is it obtained?
What is the maximum amount of time I can be detained under a detention warrant?
What are the circumstances in which a rub-down search or strip search may be undertaken?
What is the role of the supervising lawyer and doctor appointed by the Judge?
Can I consult the supervising lawyer and doctor on any legal or medical matter that is worrying me?
What are Class A controlled drugs and Class B controlled drugs?
What are the visiting rights while being detained?
Can you appeal against the issue or renewal of a detention warrant?
Under what circumstances must you be released from detention?
Who can visit you while you are detained?
Can you consult your own lawyer if you wish to appeal?
What happens if someone is detained under the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
What are the rights of an arrested person under the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
Can a person in detention under the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978 appear in court?
When was the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1992 passed?
What is the short title of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1992?
When did this Act come into force?
What are the transitional provisions mentioned in this Act?
What is the section number that has been amended by section 5 of this Act?
What is the principal Act being referred to?
What is the meaning of subsection (1) of section 31 of the principal Act?
What circumstances need to apply in relation to a substance, preparation, mixture, or article for this section to be applicable?
What happens if a substance, preparation, mixture, or article was posted before the commencement of this section but not received by the analyst until after the commencement of this section?
What happens if a substance, preparation, mixture, or article was not analysed by an analyst before the commencement of this section?
What changes were made to subsection (1) of section 31 by section 5?
What kind of certificate is being referred to in subsection (2) of section 31?
Can any analyst issue a certificate of the kind referred to in subsection (2) after the commencement of this section?
What information is necessary for an analyst to issue a certificate of the kind referred to in subsection (2)?
What is the purpose of Section 31(2) of the principal Act?
What is the effect of subsection (3) of this section?
How does Section 31 of the principal Act apply to certificates issued under subsection (3)?
What is the exception to Section 31 of the principal Act outlined in subsection (5)?
What amendments have been made to the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What is the legal status of a consolidation?
What is section 78 of the Legislation Act 2019?
What changes are made by the Parliamentary Counsel Office to consolidations?
What amendments are incorporated in this consolidation?
What is the Ora (Healthy Futures) Act 2022?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2015?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2013?
What is the Misuse of Drugs (Classification of Tapentadol) Order 2011?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2011?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2010?
What is the Misuse of Drugs (Presumption of Supply—Ketamine) Order 2009?
What is the Misuse of Drugs (Classification of Ketamine) Order 2009?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2008?
What is the Veterinarians Act?
What is the title of the document being referenced?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 2005?
What other acts and orders related to drug use are mentioned in this document?
What is the significance of section 175(1) of the Health Practitioners Competence Assurance Act 2003?
What is the Postal Services Act 1998?
What is the title of the act that includes section 62(1)?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act (No. 2) 1997?
Which act regulates hazardous substances and new organisms?
What is the section number for Customs and Excise Act 1996?
What is the purpose of the Health Reforms (Transfers) Act 1993?
What is the title of the act that includes sections 14-18 related to nurses?
What is the purpose of the Criminal Justice Act 1985?
What is the title of the order that includes SR 1984/315?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1982?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
What section of the District Courts Amendment Act 1979 is being referred to?
Who oversees the Parliamentary Counsel Office?
Where can one find more information about New Zealand legislation?
What is a site map?
What is a glossary?
What does accessibility mean in this context?
What are the copyright policies?
What is the privacy policy?
What is the disclaimer for?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Act in New Zealand?
What are the functions of the Minister under this act?
What are the penalties for violating the act?
What provisions does the act have for medical practitioners?
What are the licensing requirements for drug and substance checking service providers?
What are the special provisions for cannabis preparations and controlled drug analogues?
What regulations are there for drug and substance checking service providers?
What are the offenses and liabilities for breaching these regulations?
What protections from liability are provided for service providers?
What are the regulations for drug and substance checking services in New Zealand?
What does the Secondary Legislation Act 2021 define?
When was the Secondary Legislation Act 2021 amended?
What is the definition of 'Medical Officer of Health' according to the Act?
What is secondary legislation under the Legislation Act 2019 in New Zealand?
What are the disallowance rules and notification process for secondary legislation?
What is the procedure for bringing an Order in Council into force?
What is the procedure for making an Order in Council to classify a substance as a controlled drug?
What changes can be made by the General to a controlled drug?
What is the impact of the Secondary Legislation Act on the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What penalties are imposed under the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What happens if someone violates the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What amendments have been made to the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the maximum sentence for violating the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the role of judges in enforcing the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the process for enacting secondary legislation related to the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs Act in New Zealand?
What are the rules for possession of controlled drugs by licensed institutions and individuals with permits or licenses in New Zealand?
What situations allow for lawful possession, supply, and use of controlled drugs in New Zealand?
What are the limitations on prescribing, supplying, and administering controlled drugs in New Zealand?
What regulations does the Misuse of Drugs Act outline for the use of cannabis in New Zealand?
What are the penalties for drug-related offences in New Zealand according to the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What exceptions and defenses are available under the Misuse of Drugs Act in New Zealand?
What does the text clarify about Papaver somniferum?
What are the penalties for drug-related offenses in New Zealand?
What does the Misuse of Drugs Act cover in New Zealand?
What amendments have been made to the Misuse of Drugs Act over time?
What are the penalties for drug offenses in New Zealand?
What is Section 12C and why does it remain in effect?
What exceptions are there for precursor substances used in the production of illegal drugs?
What changes were made to the Criminal Procedure Act 2011 in 2013?
What are sections 12C and 12D of the Misuse of Drugs Act in New Zealand?
What offenses do sections 12C and 12D of the Misuse of Drugs Act cover?
What is the definition of exclusive economic zone and high seas according to the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What are the supplementary provisions related to offenses under the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the offense of drug smuggling outside of New Zealand?
Under which section of the Customs and Excise Act 2018 does drug smuggling outside of New Zealand fall?
Is drug smuggling prohibited by law in New Zealand?
What are the offenses outlined in the act?
What is the possible defense for accused individuals?
What powers does the act grant to Australian authorities?
What is the article discussing about the Ma?
What are the penalties for possessing prohibited equipment or materials on a ship?
Is possessing needles or syringes for the purpose of committing an offence under this act illegal?
What plants or their seeds/fruits are illegal to possess without authorization?
Is there a defense for possessing certain plants or their seeds/fruits for medical purposes?
Who is not exempt from these regulations?
What does the article cover?
What are the regulations and penalties discussed in the article?
What is the definition of 'approved medical practitioner' and 'authorized representative'?
What license requirements and conditions are outlined in the article?
What amendments were made to the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What does the article say about the import, export, and consumption of controlled drugs in New Zealand?
What specific section of the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1997 gives the Minister the power to prohibit certain medical practitioners from prescribing controlled drugs?
What is the power of Councils and Boards in relation to investigating controlled drug use by professionals?
What are the consequences for breaking prescribing restrictions in New Zealand?
What Acts have been amended in relation to the prescription of medicines in New Zealand?
Why is it illegal for a health practitioner to prescribe or supply a controlled drug to someone?
Who is allowed to prescribe controlled drugs under certain circumstances?
What are the conditions outlined for prescribing controlled drugs?
What is the purpose of this section of the law?
Who has the power to make further regulations regarding possession and use of controlled drugs?
What is the difference between medical practitioners, nurse practitioners, designated prescriber nurses, and designated prescriber pharmacists in terms of prescribing controlled drugs?
What are sections 29A and 29B of the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What penalties are outlined in the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What are the special provisions for cannabis preparations under section 29B?
What is the defense for possession of controlled drug analogues under the Act?
What is prohibited under the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What must those found in possession of controlled drugs prove?
What does the Act define as plant material?
What is covered under the Medicines Act 1981 and Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What crimes related to narcotic drugs or psychotropic substances are included in extradition treaties?
Can individuals be extradited for acts that occurred before the offense became part of the treaty?
What is the definition of a foreign country under the Extradition Act 1999?
What does Section 35A of the Extradition Act outline?
What is Section 35A of the Extradition Act in New Zealand?
What are the restrictions on surrendering offenders under Section 35C?
What is the certification process required for extradition?
What do licensed drug and substance checking service providers offer?
What are the functions and requirements of approved laboratories offering drug testing services under the Misuse of Drugs Act?
Can individuals be charged by drug and substance checking service providers in New Zealand?
What is the purpose of the legislation discussed?
What does the legislation regulate?
What are the requirements for medical practitioners under the legislation?
What are the consequences of non-compliance with the legislation?
What is secondary legislation and how is it created?
What is the process for disallowing secondary legislation in the House of Representatives?
What amendments have been made to the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act?
What types of regulations related to controlled drugs can be created under the amended legislation?
What is the timeline for creating recommended regulations related to cannabis products?
What exemptions may be granted under the legislation?
What are some of the substances added to Schedule 2 Part 1?
When was cocaine repealed from the list of prohibited substances?
What information does the legal document provide?
What are Schedule 2 Part 2 clause 1 substances?
What changes have been made to the classification of drugs under the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the purpose of the document?
What is the focus of the legal guide?
What are some of the controlled substances listed in the document?
Why are opioid drugs classified as controlled substances in New Zealand?
What acts regulate the classification and regulation of drugs in New Zealand?
What information is provided about amendments made to the regulations over time?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Order 1981 in the UK?
What is Schedule 3 Part 1 of the Misuse of Drugs Act in New Zealand?
When was Flubromazolam added to Schedule 3 Part 1 in New Zealand?
What other substances have been added or removed from the list?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs (Classification of BZP) Amendment Act?
What is the tone of the passage?
What does the Misuse of Drugs Act in New Zealand prohibit?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Order?
What drugs are included in the Misuse of Drugs Order?
When were certain drugs added or repealed from the Misuse of Drugs Order?
What are benzodiazepines and how are they classified under the Misuse of Drugs Order?
What regulations exist for propoxyphene and its derivatives under the Misuse of Drugs Order?
How have the regulations for preparations and mixtures containing certain substances changed over time under the Misuse of Drugs Order?
What is the classification of drugs under the Misuse of Drugs Order in different countries?
What is the classification of difenoxin, opium, and morphine under the Misuse of Drugs Act in the UK?
What is the classification of fentanyl and methaqualone under the Misuse of Drugs Act in the UK?
What does the article outline about DMT analogues?
What is the purpose of the list of precursor substances regulated under the Misuse of Drugs Act in New Zealand?
How has the list of precursor substances been amended over time?
What substances have been added to the list of controlled drugs?
What are the regulations for ephedrine and pseudoephedrine?
What drugs are considered illegal in specific quantities?
What quantities of drugs are listed as controlled substances?
What is the penalty for possession of certain drugs and quantities?
What changes were made to the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978 by the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What is the process for applying for a review of decisions regarding the issuance, amendment, suspension, or revocation of a license under the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
What happens to service providers while their license suspension or cancellation is under review?
What are some of the provisions included in the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978 related to detecting, enforcing, and sentencing drug dealing offenses?
What terms are defined in the Misuse of Drugs Amendment Act 1978?
Is there any proposed law related to drug and substance checking in New Zealand?
What is the proposed law in New Zealand?
What would the law allow law enforcement agencies to do?
What changes were made to the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What special powers are given to police and customs officers in New Zealand?
What does the 1992 amendment to the Misuse of Drugs Act allow for?
How are substances received before the commencement of this section treated under the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What are the requirements for issuing certificates under the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the significance of registered post in relation to the Misuse of Drugs Act?
What is the document about?
What topics are covered in the document?
What additional information is provided on the website?
What are some of the acts mentioned in the document?


https://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/2013/0053/latest/whole.html#DLM5042921

Psychoactive Substances Act 2013 No 53 (as at 01 July 2022), Public Act – New Zealand Legislation

The article discusses the potential of using artificial intelligence (AI) to improve the accuracy and efficiency of cancer diagnosis. AI algorithms can analyze medical images and identify patterns that may indicate the presence of cancer, potentially leading to earlier detection and better outcomes for patients. However, there are challenges to implementing AI in healthcare, including concerns about data privacy and the need for rigorous testing and validation of AI systems. Despite these challenges, many experts believe that AI has the potential to revolutionize cancer diagnosis and treatment in the coming years.

Questions:

What is the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
When was the act last updated?
What is the purpose of the act?
What are the key provisions of the act?
How does the act regulate psychoactive substances?
What penalties are in place for violating the act?
Who enforces the act?
Are there any exemptions or exceptions under the act?
Has the act been controversial or faced criticism?
How does the act compare to similar legislation in other countries?
What types of legal documents can be searched?
Is there a way to filter search results by type?
What is the purpose of the 'Advanced search' and 'Browse' options?
How can I access web feeds for this site?
What are 'Tagged sections/clauses' and how do they work?
What is the 'Printing order' option used for?
Who is the administering agency for this Act?
Is there a way to search within this Act?
Are there any versions or amendments to this Act?
What is the title of this legislation?
When did this legislation receive assent?
Who administers this legislation?
What is the purpose of Part 1 of this legislation?
What is the purpose of this act?
What are the principles outlined in this act?
How does this act apply to different parties?
What is the meaning of a psychoactive substance according to this act?
What is the role of the Psychoactive Substances Regulatory Authority?
What is the Psychoactive Substances Expert Advisory Committee?
What restrictions are placed on the advisory committee regarding animal trials?
What types of licenses can be obtained under this act?
What grounds must be met for a license to be granted?
What conditions are placed on licenses?
How long do licenses last and can they be transferred?
What happens if a license is refused or suspended/cancelled/surrendered?
What is the process for surrendering a licence?
What are the offences related to licences?
What is the code of manufacturing practice?
What are the grounds for approving a product?
Under what circumstances can the authority refuse or revoke an approval?
What is the Psychoactive Substances Act about?
What are the offences relating to approvals under the Psychoactive Substances Act?
What is the age restriction for buying or possessing psychoactive substances under the Psychoactive Substances Act?
What is the Psychoactive Substances Appeals Committee?
What are the restrictions on selling approved products to persons under 18 years under the Psychoactive Substances Act?
What are the restrictions on internet sales of approved products?
Is it allowed to distribute approved products for free?
Can trade marks associated with approved products be used in sponsoring activities?
What are the requirements for labelling and packaging of approved products?
Are there any restrictions on convicted persons selling approved products?
What is the purpose of this legislation?
What are approved products under this law?
What are the restrictions on convicted persons selling approved products?
Can territorial authorities have their own approved products policies?
What are the offences related to psychoactive substances that are not approved products?
What are infringement offences under this law?
Who are enforcement officers under this law?
What are the enforcement powers under this law?
What offences are covered under sections 48, 50, and 71?
What is the penalty for obstructing an enforcement officer or constable?
What is international controlled delivery of psychoactive substances?
What are the powers of the Authority?
What are recall orders?
What are export certificates?
How does cost recovery work?
What is the duty to notify adverse reactions?
What regulations are in place regarding psychoactive substances?
What is the title of the act?
When did the act commence?
What are the functions, duties, or powers delegated to the Authority?
What immunities does the Delegation of Authority have?
How does this act relate to other enactments like the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996 and Customs and Excise Act 2018?
Will there be a review of the act by the Ministry?
Are there any amendments made to other acts like the Search and Surveillance Act 2012 and Children, Young Persons, and Their Families Act 1989?
What are the consequential amendments and revocation mentioned in the act?
Are there any application, savings, and transitional provisions mentioned in the act?
What is the purpose of this Act?
What principles must be taken into account when performing functions or duties under this Act?
What is required before a psychoactive product can be approved for use by individuals?
What is the role of the Authority in assessing the harm posed by a psychoactive product?
How does this Act aim to protect the health of individuals who use psychoactive substances?
When does this Act come into force?
What is the purpose of the Psychoactive Substances Act?
What are the criteria for approving a psychoactive product?
What happens if a psychoactive product poses more than a low risk of harm to individuals?
What is the Authority referred to in the Act?
Is animal testing allowed for assessing psychoactive products under this Act?
What is a psychoactive substance?
What is the role of the Psychoactive Substances Regulatory Authority and the Psychoactive Substances Expert Advisory Committee?
What does Part 2 of the Act authorize?
What are the offences related to the importation, manufacture, sale, and supply of psychoactive substances without a license or in breach of license conditions?
What is the code of manufacturing?
What is Part 3 of the act about?
What are the offences created in Part 3?
What are the age and place-of-sale restrictions for approved products?
What are the advertising, labelling, and packaging requirements for approved products?
What are the health-warning requirements for approved products?
What are the signage, storage, and display requirements for approved products?
What are the offences related to the sale of approved products to persons under 18 years?
What is the relationship between this Act and other enactments?
What is the authority's power to recall approved products?
What is the Ministry required to do according to Part 3 of the act?
What is the name of the Act being referred to?
What is the definition of 'adverse reaction' in this Act?
What is the definition of 'advertising' in this Act?
Who does this Act bind according to section 7?
How is alcohol defined in the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What is the definition of an animal in the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What is an approved evidence of age document?
What is an approved laboratory under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What is an approved product under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What is the Psychoactive Substances Regulatory Authority?
What is a code of manufacturing practice under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What is the code of practice for the manufacture of psychoactive substances?
What is the definition of a customs officer?
What is the meaning of district in relation to a territorial authority?
What is the definition of an enforcement officer?
What is the definition of evidential material?
What is an export certificate?
What is the definition of a hazardous substance?
What is the definition of an importer?
Who is considered an individual under this context?
What is a natural person in relation to an approved product?
What is an internet sale?
What is a label?
What is a license?
What does manufacture mean in relation to a psychoactive substance or an approved product?
What is the definition of 'manufacturer' in this context?
Who is the 'Minister' referred to in this document?
What is the definition of 'private premises'?
What is the definition of 'minor'?
What is the definition of 'possess' in relation to a psychoactive substance?
What is the definition of 'retailing' in this context?
What does 'supply' include and exclude?
What is the definition of 'territorial authority'?
What does 'trial' mean in relation to psychoactive substances?
What does 'use' mean in relation to psychoactive substances?
What is the definition of 'vehicle' in this context?
What is the definition of a bicycle wholesaler?
What is a Section 8 approved laboratory?
What is a Section 8 customs officer?
What is a Section 8 drug and substance checking service provider?
What is the definition of importation and importer?
What is Section 8 public health?
What is the definition of a psychoactive substance according to this Act?
What does the term 'approved product' refer to in relation to psychoactive substances?
What is the significance of an Order in Council made under section 99 in relation to psychoactive substances?
What substances are excluded from the definition of psychoactive substance according to subsections (1) and (2)?
What is section 4C of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What are the temporary class drugs under section 4C?
What is a medicine under the Medicines Act 1981?
What is a related product under section 94 of the Medicines Act 1981?
What is a herbal remedy under the Medicines Act 1981?
What is a dietary supplement under the Dietary Supplements Regulations 1985?
What is considered as food or drink for human beings under section 4C?
What is the exception for alcohol under section 4C?
What is the exception for tobacco products under section 4C?
What is a regulated product under the Smokefree Environments and Regulated Products Act 1990?
What is the definition of a psychoactive substance according to subsection (1) or (2)?
What is the process for declaring a substance not to be a psychoactive substance under section 99?
What is the purpose of Section 9(3)(ba)?
When was Section 9(3)(f) replaced and by what act?
What is the role of the Psychoactive Substances Regulatory Authority according to Section 10?
Who is the Director-General of Health?
What is the function of the Psychoactive Substances Expert Advisory Committee?
What are the matters that the advisory committee must consider when evaluating psychoactive products?
How does the advisory committee increase public awareness of their work?
What is the purpose of the advisory committee?
What expertise must members of the advisory committee have?
How many members can the advisory committee comprise?
Who appoints the members of the advisory committee?
What are some potential risks that the advisory committee must consider?
Is the Authority required to consult with the Minister before making appointments to the advisory committee?
Can the Authority give terms of reference for the advice that the advisory committee provides?
What are the principles of natural justice that the advisory committee must comply with?
What is the requirement for the advisory committee to provide an annual report?
What is the limitation on the advisory committee's consideration of trial results involving animals?
Under what circumstances can the advisory committee consider trial results involving animals?
What is the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What licences can a New Zealand resident apply for under this act?
What are the requirements for applying for a licence under this act?
Can the Authority refuse to process an application for a licence?
What factors are considered when determining if an applicant is fit and proper to hold a license?
What is a relevant offence under subsection (2)(a)?
What are the offences under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What are the compulsory conditions of licences under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What is the code of manufacturing practice under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
Who can sell psychoactive substances in New Zealand according to the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What are the conditions for obtaining a licence to deal with psychoactive substances?
What records must be kept by a licence holder according to the regulations?
What information must be provided to the Authority before each exportation of a psychoactive substance?
Can the Authority impose additional conditions on a licence?
What is the duration of a license?
What happens if a license is cancelled or surrendered?
Can a license be transferred to another person?
What must the Authority do if they propose to refuse to grant a license?
What is the process for refusing to grant a license?
What is the Authority?
Under what circumstances can a licence be suspended or cancelled?
What happens if the licence holder supplied false information in the application?
What is the purpose of suspending a licence?
What are the consequences of having a licence cancelled?
What is the process for cancelling a licence under subsection (1)?
What must the Authority consider before cancelling a licence?
What happens if a licence holder asks for the reasons for the suspension or cancellation of the licence?
When must a licence holder surrender their licence?
What happens when a licence holder surrenders their licence?
What is the offence relating to an application for a licence?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for selling an approved product without a license?
What is the maximum fine for a body corporate that sells an approved product without a license?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for breaching a license condition?
What is the maximum fine for breaching a license condition?
What is the Code of Manufacturing Practice relating to the manufacture of psychoactive substances?
What is the purpose of the code mentioned in this text?
What principles must guide the development of the code?
Who must the Authority consult when developing the code or any amendments to it?
What is the status of the code mentioned in this text?
What are the requirements for publication of secondary legislation made under this Act?
What is the transitional exemption under Schedule 1 of the Legislation Act 2019?
What is the process for disallowance of the legislation by the House of Representatives?
What is Section 29(4) and (5) of the Secondary Legislation Act 2021?
What is the purpose of Section 30 of the Psychoactive Substances Act?
When does Section 30 apply?
What are the options available to the Authority for assessing compliance with the code and licence conditions in a manufacturing facility?
Can the Authority recognize an audit of the manufacturing facility conducted by someone else?
What powers does the Authority have under this Act?
Under what circumstances can an authorised person enter a manufacturing facility?
What actions can an authorised person take while in a manufacturing facility?
What is the code of manufacturing practice mentioned in this Act?
What are the obligations imposed under this Act?
What documents or records can be inspected or copied under this Act?
What is the process for removing documents or records from a manufacturing facility?
What evidence must an authorised person provide when entering a manufacturing facility?
What is the requirement for retaining items removed from a manufacturing facility under this Act?
What is the purpose of section 31 in this document?
What are the requirements for an authorisation under subsection (1)?
What does 'enter a manufacturing facility' include according to subsection (6)?
Under what circumstances can the Authority issue a compliance notice?
What is Subpart 2 about in this document?
What is the process for applying for approval of a psychoactive product in New Zealand?
What must be included in an application for approval of a psychoactive product?
Can an application for approval of a psychoactive product be refused?
What is the process for requesting further information from an applicant?
What happens if an applicant does not supply the requested information?
What is considered confidential supporting information in an application for approval of a psychoactive product?
What steps must the Authority take to protect confidential supporting information?
What is the protected period for confidential supporting information?
What is the purpose of the protected period?
Who can the Authority disclose confidential supporting information to during the protected period?
Under what circumstances can the Authority disclose confidential supporting information to other persons or organizations?
What is the Expert Advisory Committee on Drugs?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What is the definition of confidential supporting information?
What is a WTO country?
What are the grounds for approving a psychoactive product?
What is section 33?
What are the requirements for compliance with section 33?
What is the degree of harm that a psychoactive product can pose?
What happens if the Authority is unable to satisfy itself of the matter in subsection 1(b)?
What is the advisory committee mentioned in section 12?
What is the purpose of section 37?
What are the conditions of approval for a psychoactive product under section 38?
What is the process for approving a psychoactive product?
Can the Authority impose conditions on the approval of a psychoactive product?
What happens if the Authority refuses to approve a psychoactive product?
Is there an appeals process for a decision to refuse or revoke approval of a psychoactive product?
Under what circumstances can the Authority revoke approval of a psychoactive product?
What is the purpose of section 37 in relation to psychoactive products?
What happens if the Authority revokes an approval of a psychoactive product?
What is the penalty for providing false or misleading information in an application for approval of a psychoactive product?
What information is required to be provided in an application for approval of a psychoactive product according to subsection (1)(b)?
What is the maximum term of imprisonment for importing, manufacturing or selling an approved product in breach of conditions of approval?
What is the maximum fine for breaching conditions of approval for an approved product?
What is the purpose of the register of products maintained by the Authority?
What information can a member of the public obtain from the register of products?
What is the penalty for committing an offence against subsection (1) of section 43?
Who appoints members of the Psychoactive Substances Appeals Committee?
How many members are on the appeals committee?
What qualifications must one member of the appeals committee have?
Can the appeals committee regulate its own procedure?
Where must the Authority publish the register of approved psychoactive substances?
What is the appeals committee?
What decisions can be appealed to the appeals committee?
What are the time limits for making an appeal to the appeals committee?
What is the process for appealing a decision made by the Authority?
What options does the appeals committee have when hearing an appeal?
Can the appeals committee review decisions that were not appealed against?
Under what circumstances can the appeals committee refer appeals back for reconsideration?
What directions must the appeals committee give to the Authority when referring an appeal back for reconsideration?
What is the appeals process for determinations made by the Authority?
What restrictions are placed on persons under 18 in regards to psychoactive substances and approved products?
What is the maximum fine for selling an approved product to a person under 18 years?
What is the penalty for an individual who contravenes subsection (1)?
What is the penalty for a body corporate that contravenes subsection (1)?
What is the defense to a charge under subsection (2)?
What are considered reasonable grounds for the purposes of subsection (3)?
What is the purpose of this document?
What are the requirements for selling an approved product to someone aged 18 or over?
Is it a defence to a charge if the person buying the approved product is under 18 but buying it on behalf of someone who is 18 or over?
How does this section compare to a similar section in the 2005 No 81 document?
What is the purpose of this law?
What is an 'approved product'?
What is the penalty for supplying an approved product to a person under 18?
What are considered reasonable grounds for believing a person is over 18?
Is it ever a defense to supply an approved product to a person under 18?
What is an approved product?
What are the restrictions on supplying approved products to persons under 18 years of age?
What are the consequences of employing a person under 18 years of age to sell approved products?
What is the exception to subsections (1) and (2)?
What is the maximum fine for selling an approved product in a prohibited place?
What are the types of shops listed as prohibited places for selling approved products?
What happens if someone sells an approved product in a prohibited place?
What are the other restrictions and requirements related to approved products?
What is the Sale and Supply of Alcohol Act 2012?
Are there any exceptions to the prohibitions and restrictions on the sale of approved products?
What is the maximum fine for an individual who contravenes section 53(3) of the law?
What is the maximum fine for a body corporate that contravenes section 54(1)(b) of the law?
What is the purpose of section 53 of the law?
What is the purpose of section 54 of the law?
What is an approved product according to this law?
What is the penalty for contravening subsection (1) or (2)?
What is the maximum fine for a body corporate that contravenes subsection (1) or (2)?
What is the maximum fine for an individual that contravenes subsection (1) or (2)?
What is the purpose of prohibiting sponsoring activity involving use of trade mark, etc, of approved product?
What are the consequences of sponsoring an organised activity that involves the use of an approved product trade mark?
What is an approved product trade mark?
What elements can be included in an approved product trade mark?
What is the purpose of using a company name included in an approved product trade mark?
What actions constitute sponsoring an activity for the purposes of this law?
What is the consequence of using a company name included in an approved product trade mark for advertising purposes?
What are the penalties for violating this law?
What types of advertising are prohibited under this law?
What is the difference in fines for different types of violators?
What is the definition of an approved product?
What are the restrictions on advertising for an approved product?
What happens if someone violates the regulations on advertising an approved product?
What is the maximum fine for an importer, manufacturer, or wholesaler who violates the restrictions on using words associated with approved products?
What is the maximum fine for a retailer who violates the restrictions on using their name or trade name in association with approved products?
What is the purpose of the restrictions on using words, expressions, or trade marks associated with approved products?
What is the maximum fine for violating the restrictions and requirements relating to labelling of approved products?
What are the requirements for a label on an approved product?
What information must be included on a label for an approved product?
What is the penalty for selling an approved product with a non-compliant label?
What is the purpose of the health warning on a label for an approved product?
What is the National Poisons Centre information service and why must its telephone number be included on a label for an approved product?
What is the maximum fine for an individual who contravenes subsection (1) of section 4459 in 2005 No 81?
What is the maximum fine for a body corporate who contravenes subsection (1) of section 4560 in 2005 No 81?
What is the requirement relating to health warnings for selling an approved product according to section 4560 in 2005 No 81?
What is the maximum fine for an individual who contravenes subsection (2) of section 4762?
What is the maximum fine for a body corporate who contravenes subsection (2)(b) of section 4762?
What is the prescribed requirement relating to signage mentioned in section 4661?
What is the maximum fine for a person who contravenes subsection (1) of section 4661?
What is the maximum fine for an individual who contravenes subsection (1) of section 63?
What is the maximum fine for a body corporate that contravenes subsection (1) of section 63?
What are the requirements for disposing of a psychoactive substance under section 63?
What are the requirements for keeping records under section 64?
Who is required to keep records under section 64?
What is the consequence of failing to comply with subsection (1)?
What is the maximum fine for an individual who fails to comply with subsection (1)?
What is the maximum fine for a body corporate that fails to comply with subsection (1)?
What is the purpose of section 65?
When does section 65 apply?
What can the court do when imposing sentence for a second or subsequent offence under section 65?
What is the purpose of the order mentioned in subsection (2)?
What is the penalty for contravening an order made under subsection (2)?
What is a local approved products policy?
Who has the authority to have a local approved products policy?
What can a local approved products policy include?
Are territorial authorities required to have a local approved products policy?
Can multiple territorial authorities adopt a single local approved products policy?
What is the purpose of a local approved products policy?
What are the guidelines for selling approved products within a district?
What is the special consultative procedure for amending or replacing a local approved products policy?
What factors can be considered when determining the location from which approved products may be sold within a district?
What types of premises or facilities can be considered when determining the location of premises from which approved products may be sold within a district?
What are the requirements for adopting or amending a local approved products policy?
How often must a territorial authority review a local approved products policy?
What happens if a local approved products policy is due for review or being reviewed?
What is considered an offence relating to psychoactive substances that are not approved products?
What actions are considered offences under subsection (1) of Section 70?
Are there any exceptions to subsection (1) of Section 70?
What is the penalty for committing an offence against subsection (1)?
What is the purpose of a drug and substance checking service provider?
Can a drug and substance checking service provider supply a psychoactive substance to an approved laboratory for testing?
What is the name of the legislation that includes section 16?
What is the offence described in section 71?
What is the maximum fine for committing an offence under subsection (1) of section 71?
Who is exempted from the offence described in subsection (1) of section 71?
What is the condition for exemption under subsection (2B) of section 71?
When was subsection (2A) of section 71 inserted?
What is the title of the legislation that inserted section 71(2B)?
What is the maximum amount of the infringement fee for an infringement offence?
What are the three offences listed under the definition of 'infringement offence' in this subpart?
What is the purpose of prescribing an infringement fee for an infringement offence?
What is an infringement offence?
Who can serve an infringement notice?
How can an infringement notice be delivered?
What happens if an infringement notice is sent by post?
What are the requirements for an infringement notice?
What is the purpose of this section?
What is the requirement for payment of infringement fees?
What is an enforcement officer?
How can a person be appointed as an enforcement officer?
Is an enforcement officer considered a public service employee?
What are the qualifications and requirements for appointment as an enforcement officer?
What powers do enforcement officers have under this Act?
What actions can the Authority take in relation to enforcement officers?
What powers are conferred on enforcement officers by this Act?
Can persons be appointed to exercise only some of the powers conferred on enforcement officers by this Act?
What limitations or restrictions can be imposed on the exercise of enforcement powers?
What must an enforcement officer's instrument of appointment state?
What is the purpose of Section 76(3)(a)?
What is the Public Service Act 2020?
What is section 76(3)(b)?
What are the enforcement powers under section 77?
Under what circumstances can a constable enter and search a place without a warrant?
What offences are covered under sections 25, 26, and 70?
What is Part 4 of the Search and Surveillance Act?
What is Act 2012?
What is the purpose of section 2078 of Act 2012?
What powers does an enforcement officer or constable have under section 2078 of Act 2012?
What are the obligations of a licence holder under section 2078 of Act 2012?
What happens if a person refuses to admit an enforcement officer or constable to retail premises under section 2078 of Act 2012?
What is the purpose of this subsection?
What are the consequences of contravening subsections (3) or (4)?
What is required of the licence holder or person in charge of the retail premises under subsection (4)?
How does this section compare to section 26779 of the 2012 No 120 Act?
What Act is being referred to in this passage?
Under what circumstances can a search be conducted?
What provisions of the Search and Surveillance Act 2012 apply?
Who can a warrant be issued to under subsection (3)?
What is the purpose of section 80 of this Act?
What is the time limit for an approved product to be sold to a person under the age of 18 years?
What action can an enforcement officer or constable take if they suspect a contravention of section 49 has occurred?
What happens if someone refuses to give their name and address?
How does the law handle minors suspected of selling approved products?
Who can be required to give information under this law?
Under what circumstances can an enforcement officer or constable require a person to give their name and address?
What information can an enforcement officer or constable ask for under this section?
What is the age limit for providing personal information under this section?
How must the powers conferred by this section be used?
What powers do constables have under the Act?
What happens to a psychoactive substance or approved product if someone is found guilty of an offence under the Act?
Under what circumstances can a psychoactive substance or approved product be forfeited to the Crown?
What is the penalty for possessing a psychoactive substance without an approval?
What happens to a seized psychoactive substance if the person is acquitted of the offence?
What Act applies if subsection (2), (3), or (4) does not apply in relation to a seized psychoactive substance?
What is the offence committed under section 83 of the Act?
What are the functions, duties, and powers of an enforcement officer or constable under this Act?
What is section 80 or 81?
What happens if someone intentionally fails to comply with the requirement under section 80 or 81?
Who can be involved in international controlled delivery?
What are the exemptions for those involved in international controlled delivery?
What is the liability of those involved in international controlled delivery, unless they are acting in bad faith?
What is controlled delivery?
What is the purpose of international controlled delivery?
How does international controlled delivery work?
What is the liability of a person charged with an offence under this Act?
What is the liability of principals and directors under this Act?
What are the two ways in which an individual can be charged with an offence under this Act?
What happens if a body corporate commits an offence against this Act?
What powers does the Authority have under Subpart 4 of this Act?
What is the process for declaring a person or body as a recognised authority under this Act?
What is the criteria for being a recognised authority under this Act?
What is the process for approving a laboratory under this Act?
What is a recall order and who can it be issued to under this Act?
Who is required to comply with a recall order?
What are the consequences for failing to comply with a recall order?
What is the definition of a recall order in this section?
What is the difference between a recall order and an export certificate in this legislation?
Who issues the export certificate?
What is the purpose of an export certificate?
What is the process for obtaining an export certificate?
Can an export certificate be revoked?
What is Subpart 5 about?
What are the direct and indirect costs of administering this Act?
How does the Minister ensure that costs are recovered?
What are the principles of cost recovery?
What is the principle of equity in cost recovery?
What is the principle of efficiency in cost recovery?
What is the purpose of ensuring cost recovery?
What factors should be considered in cost recovery?
When should costs be recovered?
What are the requirements for cost recovery under this subpart?
What is the purpose of this subpart?
What is the consequence of failing to comply with subsection (2)?
Does this section require strict apportionment of costs for a particular function or service based on usage?
What are some ways in which fees and charges may be set under this subpart?
What are the methods by which costs may be recovered?
What is subpart referring to?
What are the different types of fees or charges mentioned in this subpart?
How are fees or charges determined under this subpart?
Is there a requirement for regulations related to fees, charges, or levies under this subpart to be made before a certain time?
What is the purpose of cost recovery under this subpart?
Can fees, charges or levies be altered during a financial year?
Under what circumstances can a fee, charge or levy be increased?
Is consultation required before increasing a fee, charge or levy?
Can regulations setting a fee, charge or levy be amended?
What happens if there is a shortfall in revenue?
What is cost recovery?
What is the purpose of the three-yearly review of cost recovery?
What does the Minister need to ensure during the review process?
Can a review make provision for recovery of any shortfall in cost recovery?
How many financial years can a review take into account for over-recovery of costs?
What happens if there is an estimated shortfall or over-recovery for the immediately preceding financial year?
What is excluded from subsection (1) of the three-yearly review of cost recovery?
Who has the authority to make regulations for fees and charges?
What can be included in the regulations?
Is there a requirement to explain exemptions in the regulations?
Where can secondary legislation made under this Act be found?
What is Act 2019?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation under this Act?
What is the role of PCO in publishing the secondary legislation?
What is the role of the Minister in presenting the secondary legislation to the House of Representatives?
Can the House of Representatives disallow the secondary legislation?
What is Section 95(4) and when was it inserted?
What is Section 96 about?
What is the process for making regulations for imposing levies?
What are the different provisions that can be included in the regulations for imposing levies?
What powers does this section give to the government?
What is the process for exempting someone from paying the levy?
What are the requirements for publishing secondary legislation under this section?
Can the House of Representatives disallow regulations made under this section?
What is the Secondary Legislation Act 2021?
What happens if a fee, charge or levy imposed by regulations made under section 95 or 96 is unpaid?
Who can the Authority recover the fee, charge or levy from?
What is the duty of specified persons to notify the Authority about adverse reactions?
Who are the specified persons who must notify the Authority about adverse reactions?
What is considered an adverse reaction in this context?
What information must be included in a notification under subsection (1)?
What are the consequences of contravening subsection (1)?
What authority does the Governor-General have under this Act?
What can the Governor-General declare through regulations under this Act?
What is the advisory committee mentioned in subsection (1)(b)?
What is the consultation requirement for proposed regulations under this section?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation made under this Act?
What is the presentation requirement for secondary legislation made under this Act?
What is the purpose of section 100 of the Act?
Who has the authority to make regulations under section 100?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation made under this section?
What is the role of PCO in publishing secondary legislation?
What is the presentation requirement for secondary legislation made under this section?
What are the restrictions on offering approved products on Internet sites that appeal to minors?
What information is required to be visible on an Internet site when people browse, enter, or access it for approved products?
What measures are required to ensure that minors cannot access an Internet site for approved products?
What restrictions or requirements are prescribed for advertising approved products?
What restrictions or requirements are prescribed for labelling approved products?
What are the restrictions on labelling designed to be appealing to minors?
What are the prescribed requirements for labelling approved products?
What information must be included on labels for approved products?
What packaging restrictions or requirements are there for approved products?
What are the restrictions on the size and type of packaging for approved products?
What are the restrictions on the materials that can be inserted in packages containing approved products?
What is the definition of 'written material of a certain kind' in this context?
What are some examples of the content that may be required to be inserted in packages containing approved products?
What types of requirements may be imposed on the material and medium used for packaging approved products?
What information must be included in a health warning for an approved product?
What requirements may be imposed on the manner, way, medium, or form in which health warnings appear on product labels?
What are the requirements for storing psychoactive substances?
What restrictions are there on the amount of psychoactive substances that can be stored at any one time?
What temperature must psychoactive substances be stored at?
How should psychoactive substances be disposed of?
What are the requirements for storing approved products for sale?
What restrictions are there on the amount of approved products that can be stored at any one time?
What temperature must approved products be stored at?
What are the restrictions on displaying approved products inside retail premises?
Where can approved products be displayed inside retail premises?
Can approved products be visible from the street?
What is the prescribed telephone service for section __?
What is the purpose of section 58(2)(d) of the Act?
What does section 58(2)(p) prescribe?
Who must the Minister consult before making a recommendation under subsection (1)?
What may regulations made under this section apply to?
What are the record-keeping requirements prescribed under section 58(2)(q)?
What is the purpose of Section 101(4)?
What are the regulations under Section 101(4) related to?
How are the regulations under Section 101(4) presented and published?
Can the regulations under Section 101(4) be disallowed?
What does the Authority have the power to do under subsection (1)?
What are some examples of terms or conditions that can be placed on a delegation under subsection (2)(a)?
Can a delegation be made for a specific case only?
How does a delegation affect the Authority's ability to exercise its own powers and duties?
What is the responsibility of the Authority for actions taken by a delegate?
Can a delegation be revoked? If so, how?
Under what circumstances can a person to whom functions, duties, or powers are delegated under subsection (1) delegate those to another person?
What limitations are there on a person's ability to carry out or exercise delegated functions, duties, or powers?
What is the scope of delegation under subsection (1)?
What is the presumption regarding a person acting under delegation?
Who does section 103 of the Act apply to?
What acts are protected from civil and criminal liability under section 103?
What are the conditions for protection under section 103?
What does section 104 of the Act relate to?
What is the significance of a psychoactive substance being classified as a hazardous substance within the Act?
What is the HSNO Act?
What is the relationship between the HSNO Act and psychoactive substances?
What happens in case of inconsistency between this Act and the HSNO Act?
What is Section 104(3)(b)?
What is the Customs and Excise Act 2018?
How does the Customs and Excise Act 2018 apply to psychoactive substances that are not approved products?
What is the purpose of section 105?
What changes were made to section 105 on October 1, 2018?
When must the Ministry conduct a review of the Act?
What is required in the report prepared by the Ministry for the Minister?
What happens after the Minister receives the report from the Ministry?
What is included in Schedule 1 of the Act?
What amendments were made to the Search and Surveillance Act 2012?
What act is being amended?
What changes are being made to section 45(1)(b)?
What is being inserted after section 45(1)(b)?
What changes are being made to section 45(2)(b)?
What is being inserted after section 45(2)(b)?
What act is being amended in the second part of the text?
What changes are being made to section 272(3)(b)?
What is being inserted after section 272(3)(b)?
What is being replaced in section 272(5)?
What is the purpose of Schedule 1 in the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What is an interim licence under clause 8 of Schedule 1?
What is the meaning of 'full application' in Schedule 1?
What does clause 4 of Schedule 1 relate to?
What regulations are revoked under section 110 of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What is the purpose of clauses 1 to 15 of this schedule?
Under what conditions can a psychoactive substance continue to be imported, manufactured, researched or sold after the commencement of this Act?
What is an interim licence?
What happened to the heading 'Interim approval of psychoactive products' according to this text?
What was repealed under Schedule 1 clause 3, 4, 5, and 6 of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What is an interim license for psychoactive products?
Who can apply for an interim license?
What are the requirements to apply for an interim license?
What is the duration of an interim license?
What is the Authority referred to in the context of an interim license?
What is the purpose of an interim licence under this act?
What types of interim licences are available under this act?
What information must be included in an application for an interim licence?
What is required to accompany an application for an interim licence?
What is the fee payable for an application for an interim licence?
What is the information required for subclause (2)(c)(i) of an application for an interim licence?
What are the requirements for obtaining an interim license for selling psychoactive substances?
What information does the Authority require from the applicant for an interim license?
Can the fee for an application for an interim license be waived?
Which subparts of Part 2 apply to an interim license?
What is the context of this text?
How long does an interim licence last?
What happens if the holder of an interim licence makes a full application under section 13?
Is there any fee associated with an interim licence?
What is the fee for an interim licence to import psychoactive substances?
What types of interim licences are available for psychoactive substances?
When was the table for interim licence fees last amended?
What is the heading that was inserted on May 8, 2014?
Under what circumstances can interim approvals of psychoactive products and interim licences to sell psychoactive products be revoked?
What does clause 8 of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014 state?
What is the effect of section 8 of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What is the meaning of Schedule 1 clause 11?
What is the recall order under section 88?
What is the deadline for issuing a recall order under section 88?
What are the requirements for displaying the date of the recall order?
What is the purpose of notifying the recall order on an Internet site maintained by or on behalf of the Authority?
Who is deemed to have received the recall order under section 88(2)?
What is the purpose of the recall order?
What entities are required to provide information to the Authority?
What are the options for disposing of the product?
What is the time limit for compliance with the recall order?
What happens if an entity does not comply with the recall order?
What is the purpose of clause 12 in Schedule 1?
What is the consequence of revocation of interim licenses under subclause (1)?
Who must comply with the recall order issued in accordance with clause 12?
What are the offences to which the defence in subclause (6) may apply?
What are Schedule 1 clauses 13 and 14 of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What is the purpose of the enforcement powers in the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What is the purpose of clause 15?
Who can exercise powers under section 78 in relation to retail premises under clause 15?
When does clause 15 apply?
What is the significance of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014 in relation to clause 15?
What is section 13(1) of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What are the kinds of licenses described in section 13(1) of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What is the moratorium on processing applications for licenses under section 13(1) of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What are the regulations required for processing applications for licenses of different kinds under section 13(1) of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
When will the Authority process applications for licenses of different kinds under section 13(1) of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What does section 8 of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014 state?
What is the moratorium on processing applications for approval of psychoactive products under section 33?
What are the conditions that must be met before the Authority can process an application for approval of a psychoactive product under section 33?
What is Schedule 1 clause 17 of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
Does the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014 provide for compensation or damages?
What does Schedule 1 clause 18 of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014 state?
What is Schedule 2 of the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014 about?
What amendments were made to the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975 by the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What was repealed by the Psychoactive Substances Amendment Act 2014?
What is the name of the first committee mentioned in this text?
What is the name of the second committee mentioned in this text?
What act is being referred to in the section that allows a constable to enter and search without a warrant?
What type of premises can a constable enter and search without a warrant under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
Who can obtain and execute a search warrant under the Psychoactive Substances Act 2013?
What is the definition of infringement notice in the Summary Proceedings Act 1957?
What regulation is being replaced in the Hazardous Substances (Minimum Degrees of Hazard) Regulations 2001?
What is regulation 6A?
What is the definition of a psychoactive substance in this context?
Under what circumstances is a psychoactive substance not considered hazardous?
What is the meaning of 'minimum degree of hazard specified in clause 2(1)(s) of Schedule 4'?
What other regulations are mentioned in this text?
What is a consolidation in the context of legislation?
What is the presumption regarding the accuracy of a consolidation?
What is the role of the Parliamentary Counsel Office in consolidations?
What amendments are incorporated in this particular consolidation?
What is the significance of Section 78 of the Legislation Act 2019?
What is the Parliamentary Counsel Office?
What is the purpose of the Smokefree Environments and Regulated Products (Vaping) Amendment Act 2020?
What is section 135 of the Public Service Act 2020 about?
What is the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Amendment Act 2015?
What is the Food Act 2014?
What is the purpose of this website?
How can I contact the site administrators?
Is there a glossary available on this site?
What is the accessibility policy of this site?
What is the copyright policy of this site?
Is there a privacy policy for this site?
Is there a disclaimer for this site?
Is there a news section on this site?
Is there a site map available?


https://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/1981/0118/latest/whole.html#DLM53790

Medicines Act 1981 No 118 (as at 05 April 2023), Public Act – New Zealand Legislation

The article provides information on the Medicines Act in New Zealand, which regulates the manufacture, supply, and distribution of medicines and related products. It covers licensing requirements, restrictions on supply, penalties for false statements, prescription regulations, biotechnical procedures, and provisions for appeals. The article also discusses regulations related to animal products and remedies, packaging and labeling requirements, and the responsibilities of manufacturers, importers, and distributors. Non-compliance can result in fines or imprisonment, and possession and prescription of medicines are restricted to prevent misuse and abuse. The article also mentions recent amendments made to the Medicines Act, including modifications to prescribing rights and definitions of medical professionals, as well as the appointment and responsibilities of advisory committees.

Questions:

What is the Medicines Act 1981?
When was the Medicines Act 1981 enacted?
What is the purpose of the Medicines Act 1981?
Are there any amendments to the Medicines Act 1981?
Who is responsible for enforcing the Medicines Act 1981 in New Zealand?
What types of legislation can be searched?
What is the purpose of the 'Advanced search' option?
What is the purpose of the 'Browse' option?
What information is available under the 'About this site' section?
What are the options available under 'Web feeds'?
What is the purpose of the 'Tagged sections/clauses' option?
What is the purpose of the 'Printing order' option?
What is the purpose of the 'Quick search' option?
What does the 'Type' dropdown menu contain?
What is the purpose of the 'Text' field?
What is HelpDRegQuickSearch?
Who is the administering agency for the Medicines Act 1981?
What warning is displayed on the page?
What can be searched within the Medicines Act 1981?
What is meant by 'By sect' on the page?
What is the title of this legislation?
When was the Medicines Act 1981 passed?
What changes have been made to this version of the legislation?
Is this primary or secondary legislation?
What is the name of this Act?
Which ministry administers this Act?
What is the meaning of medicine, new medicine, prescription medicine, and restricted medicine?
What is the meaning of medical device?
What is the meaning of therapeutic purpose?
What is the meaning of selling by wholesale, selling by retail, and selling in circumstances corresponding to retail sale?
What is the relationship with Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996?
What is the meaning of holding an interest in a pharmacy?
What is the meaning of operating a pharmacy?
What committees are established under this Act?
What are the functions, powers, and procedures of the Medicines Review Committee?
Who can appoint subcommittees under this Act?
Who can exercise the powers of Director-General under this Act?
What is the purpose of Part 2 in the mentioned legislation?
Who needs to be licensed according to section 17?
What are the restrictions on the sale or supply of new medicines according to section 20?
What is the procedure for applications for Minister's consent as per section 22?
Under what circumstances does protection under section 23B not apply?
What is the purpose of section 24C?
Who can be exempted according to section 25?
What are the exemptions for pharmacists under this law?
Who qualifies for exemptions in respect of herbal remedies?
What is the exemption for clinical trial?
Are there any exemptions for natural therapists and others?
What is the Director-General's authority regarding off-label administration of COVID-19 vaccines?
What are the quality and standards regulations under this law?
What powers does the Minister have to control established medicines?
What are the restrictions on sale of medical devices?
What is the duty of importer or manufacturer to report untoward effects of medicines?
What are the specifications of medicines?
What are the restrictions on operation of pharmacies?
What is section 42A about?
What is section 42B about?
What is section 42C about?
What are the miscellaneous provisions?
What is section 43 about?
What is section 44 about?
What is section 45 about?
What is section 46 about?
What is section 47 about?
What is section 47A about?
What is the effect of grant of delegated prescribing rights?
What are the powers of Minister to prohibit prescribing, etc?
What are the powers of councils and boards?
What are the restrictions on supply to particular persons?
What are the statements regarding persons dependent on prescription medicines or restricted medicines?
What are the provisions relating to licences?
What are the applications for licences?
What is section 51 about?
What is section 52 about?
What is section 53 about?
What is section 54 about?
What is section 55 about?
What is section 55A about?
What can licensing authority require?
What is the mandatory condition of licence to operate pharmacy?
What are the restrictions?
What is the purpose of Part 4 of the document?
What are the restrictions on advertisements according to Section 57?
Under what circumstances can an individual or company be exempt from operating or holding a majority interest in pharmacies?
What powers do officers have under Section 63?
What are the regulations relating to medical advertisements according to Section 62?
What is the purpose of this Act?
What are some of the offences outlined in this Act?
What is the penalty for making a false statement?
What is the jurisdiction of the District Court?
What is the process for appealing a decision made by the licensing authority?
Does this Act apply to related products?
What are the restrictions on specified biotechnical procedures outlined in this Act?
What is the purpose of Part 8 in this biotechnical procedure?
What are the criteria for authorizations in Part 8?
What is the duty of an officer in Part 8?
What is the power of court mentioned in Part 8?
What is the purpose of Schedule 1 in this biotechnical procedure?
What is the title of this act?
When did this act come into force?
What is the purpose of this act?
What are some of the sections included in this act?
What is the significance of Schedule 1AA?
Which acts were repealed by this act?
What is the process for appointing different dates for different provisions of the Act?
What is secondary legislation and how is it related to this Act?
What are the requirements for publishing secondary legislation made under this Act?
What is the presentation process for secondary legislation made under this Act?
Can the House of Representatives disallow secondary legislation made under this Act?
When was this Act brought into force?
What is the Medicines Act Commencement Order 1984?
What is the meaning of 'interpretation' in this Act?
What is the definition of 'Act' in this context?
What is the definition of administering in this Act?
What is the definition of advertising material?
Who can be considered an analyst under this Act?
What is included in the definition of animal under this Act?
What is the definition of packing business?
What does the term 'carrier' mean in this context?
What is meant by the term 'container' when referring to medicine or medical devices?
How is a controlled drug defined in this article?
Who or what is included in the definition of a coroner?
What is the definition of a cosmetic according to this article?
What is the definition of cosmetics according to this document?
What is the definition of delegated prescriber?
What is the definition of dentifrice?
What is the definition of a dentist according to this document?
What is the Practitioners Competence Assurance Act 2003?
Who is considered a designated prescriber under this act?
What are the requirements for a person to be a designated prescriber?
Who is the Director-General referred to in this act?
What does the term 'disease' encompass under this act?
What is the definition of dispensing in relation to a medicine?
What is EPA?
What does examine include?
What is the definition of health services?
What is a herbal remedy?
What is a hospital?
What is the definition of Actlicensing authority?
What is the meaning of manufacture in relation to a medicine?
What does medical device mean?
Who is considered as Medical Officer of Health?
What is the definition of medical practitioner?
What is the definition of an officer under the Health Practitioners Competence Assurance Act 2003?
What is an optometrist according to the Optometrists and Dispensing Opticians Board?
What is the Optometrists and Dispensing Opticians Board?
What does 'pack' mean in relation to medicine or medical devices?
What is the definition of a package in relation to medicine or medical devices?
What is a pharmacist?
What is pharmacy practice?
What does the term 'plant' include?
Who is considered a practitioner?
What is a qualifying new medicine?
What is a qualifying organism?
Who is considered a registered health professional?
What is a registered midwife?
What are regulations in this context?
What is the meaning of related product and new related product?
What is the responsible authority?
Who is considered a responsible person for a licensee corporation?
What is a written instruction?
What is the purpose of a written instruction?
What are the different types of written instructions?
What is required for a written instruction to be valid?
Who can issue a written instruction?
What is the difference between a prescription medicine and a pharmacy-only medicine?
What is a controlled drug?
What is the role of regulations in relation to written instructions?
What are the circumstances specified in a written instruction?
What is the significance of authorisation in a written instruction?
What is the definition of substance under this Act?
Who can be considered as a veterinarian under this Act?
What is the process for approval of a laboratory under this Act?
What is the meaning of therapeutic purpose under this Act?
Does this Act apply to vehicles other than ships?
What is the title of the legislation being referred to?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation under the Legislation Act 2019?
What is the process for presenting secondary legislation to the House of Representatives?
Can secondary legislation be disallowed by the House of Representatives?
When was section 2(1) of the Medicines Act 1968 substituted and amended?
What is the meaning of section 2(1) analyst, animal, animal remedy, and approved laboratory?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act 1992?
What changes were made to section 2(1) of the Medicines Amendment Act 1992?
What is the Coroners Amendment Act 2023?
What is a controlled drug according to section 2(1) of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is the Customs and Excise Act 1996?
What changes were made to section 2(1) of the Customs and Excise Act 1996 in 2018?
What is a delegated prescriber according to section 2(1) of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What changes were made to section 2(1) of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is a designated prescriber?
When was the term 'Director-General' substituted in section 2(1)?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act 2003?
What changes were made to section 2(1) of the EPA?
When was section 2(1) ERMA repealed?
What is the Health and Disability Services (Safety) Act 2001?
What amendment was made to section 2(1) importer?
What is a licensing authority?
What changes were made to section 2(1) licensing authority paragraph (b)?
What is a medical device?
What is the name of the act being referred to?
What changes were made to section 2(1) of the act?
When were these changes made?
What is the definition of 'medical practitioner' in section 2(1)?
What is the definition of 'nurse practitioner' in section 2(1)?
What is the definition of 'new organism' in section 2(1)?
What changes were made to section 2(1) of the Optometrists and Dispensing Opticians Board?
When was section 2(1) pharmacist substituted?
What is section 2(1) pharmacy practice?
When was section 2(1) qualifying new medicine inserted?
What is a registered health professional?
What other sections were amended by the Medicines Amendment Act 2003?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act?
What changes were made to section 2(1) of the Medicines Amendment Act in 2014?
What is a standing order under the Medicines Amendment Act?
What changes were made to standing order paragraph (a) of section 2(1) in 2003?
What changes were made to standing order paragraph (b) of section 2(1) in 2003?
When was standing order paragraph (c) added to section 2(1) of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is the context of this Act?
What is the meaning of medicine according to this Act?
What is the definition of new medicine, prescription medicine, and restricted medicine in this Act?
What amendments have been made to Section 2(1) standing order paragraph (c)?
When was Section 2(1) veterinarian added to this Act?
What amendment was made to Section 2(1) veterinarian on 22 December 2005?
When was Section 2(1) veterinary surgeon repealed?
When was Section 2(2) added to this Act?
What is the definition of a medicine according to this text?
What are the exclusions from the definition of a medicine?
What is the purpose of the Medicines Act being referred to in this text?
What is the definition of a new medicine under this Act?
What is a pharmacy-only medicine according to this Act?
What substances or articles are not considered medicines under this Act?
What was the Food and Drug Act 1969 and how does it relate to this Act?
What Act is being referred to?
What are the restrictions on selling prescription medicine?
Who can prescribe prescription medicine?
What is a standing order in relation to prescription medicine?
What is the definition of a restricted medicine?
Who can prescribe a restricted medicine?
Where can a restricted medicine be sold or supplied?
What is the Medicines Act 1968?
When was section 3(1) replaced and by what act?
When was section 3(1)(c)(iii) amended and by what act?
When was section 3(2) repealed and by what act?
When was section 3(3) substituted and by what act?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act (No 3) 2003?
What is the definition of a prescription medicine according to this act?
What is the definition of a restricted medicine according to this act?
What is the meaning of a medical device according to this act?
What are the criteria for an article to be considered a medical device under this act?
What is the difference between a medical device and a pharmacological, immunological, or metabolic means according to this act?
What activities does this Act regulate?
What is the definition of selling by wholesale?
What is the definition of selling by retail?
What is the definition of selling in circumstances corresponding to retail sale?
What is the purpose of the referenced Act?
What are the circumstances under which something can be sold by retail?
What is the definition of supplying anything in circumstances corresponding to retail sale?
How does this Act relate to the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act (No 2) 2003?
What does it mean to hold an interest in a pharmacy according to this act?
What are some ways a person can acquire an estate or interest in a pharmacy?
What are the exceptions to holding an interest in a pharmacy according to this act?
What does subsection (3) state?
What is the meaning of operating a pharmacy according to section 5B?
What was the amendment made by the Medicines Amendment Act 2003?
What is the significance of the covenant, condition or stipulation in any contract or agreement restricting the operator of a pharmacy?
What is the name of the Act being referred to?
What entities are required to comply with this Act?
What are the transitional, savings, and related provisions mentioned in Section 5C?
Does this Act apply to the Crown?
How does the Act define manufacturing, selling, supplying, packing, or labeling of medicine?
Are there any exceptions to the definition of manufacturing, selling, supplying, packing, or labeling of medicine?
What is the definition of 'person' in this Act?
What does it mean for an agent or employee to do something 'in the course of that business'?
Under what circumstances will a person not be held responsible for manufacturing, selling, supplying, packing, or labeling a medicine?
What is the definition of 'possession' in this Act?
What are the responsibilities of a natural person who manufactures, sells, supplies, packs, or labels a medicine while working under the supervision and control of a responsible person?
What are the responsibilities of the responsible person or the person authorised under this Act?
What is the liability of any other person under section 79?
What is the function of advisory and technical committees appointed under this Act?
Is there any remuneration provided to the members of the committee appointed under this Act?
What is the Fees and Travelling Allowances Act 1951?
What is the purpose of the Medicines Classification Committee?
Who appoints the members of the Medicines Classification Committee?
What is the role of the Medicines Classification Committee?
How many persons are in the Medicines Classification Committee?
What is the procedure for determining the procedure of advisory committees?
What is the name of the committee established under section 10?
What is the minimum number of members that the Medicines Review Committee must have?
How many members of the Medicines Review Committee are appointed by the Minister as chairman?
What is the quorum required for a meeting of the Medicines Review Committee?
What is the term of office for a nominated member of the Medicines Review Committee?
What happens if there is a vacancy in the membership of the Medicines Review Committee?
What is the purpose of the Medicines Review Committee according to this Act?
Who appoints the members of the Committee?
What are the qualifications required for the members of the Committee?
Is there a provision for remuneration of the members of the Committee?
Is there a provision for natural therapy in the Committee?
What is the Medicines Review Committee?
What are the duties of the members of the Medicines Review Committee?
Under what circumstances can a deputy be appointed to act for a member of the Medicines Review Committee?
What are the qualifications required for someone to be appointed as a deputy under subsection (1)?
What powers does a deputy acting for the chairman have?
Can the appointment of a deputy or their acts be questioned in any proceedings?
What is the purpose of subcommittees appointed under this section?
What matters can be delegated to subcommittees?
Who acts as a member of the subcommittee when any matter relating to the practice of natural therapy is delegated?
Is every subcommittee appointed under this section subject to the control of the Committee?
Can any delegation under this section be revoked by the Committee?
How does the 1979 No 27 s 1713 Functions, powers, and procedures of Medicines Review Committee compare to this section?
What is the purpose of section 88 of the law?
What is the role of the Committee in carrying out its inquiries?
What are the rules that the Committee must observe during its inquiries?
What does the Committee's report to the Minister on an objection include?
What power does the Committee have regarding costs?
What happens when the Committee completes its deliberations?
What is the purpose of section 8 in this Act?
What facilities are provided to committees under section 14?
Who can be appointed as an officer under subsection (2) of section 15?
What is the process for appointing officers under this Act?
What Act is being referred to in this passage?
What is the purpose of subsection (2)?
What is the role of the Director-General in relation to subsection (4)?
What is the significance of subsection (5) in relation to employment?
Has section 15(1) been amended recently? If so, how and when?
Has section 15(2) been amended recently? If so, how and when?
What is the Public Service Act 2020?
What is Section 15(4) of the Public Service Act 2020?
What is the Health Sector (Transfers) Act 1993?
What is Section 15(5) of the Public Service Act 2020?
What powers and functions are conferred on the Director-General, Medical Officers of Health, and other officers by this Act?
Who exercises the powers and functions conferred by this Act?
What is the role of the Minister in exercising the powers and functions conferred by this Act?
What is the role of the Director-General of Health and other officers of the Ministry of Health in exercising the powers and functions conferred by this Act?
What was subsection (1A) about before it was repealed?
What happens if there is a reasonable belief in any particular matter under this Act?
What is the purpose of Section 16(2)?
What are the restrictions on manufacturing and selling medicines under Section 17?
Are there any exceptions to the licensing requirement for manufacturers, wholesalers, packers of medicines, and operators of pharmacies under Section 17?
What is the maximum fine for contravening subsection (1)?
Under what circumstances can a person sell medicines without contravening section 18?
What is the purpose of Part 3 mentioned in subsection (1)?
What is the purpose of the Act?
What are the restrictions on selling prescription medicine under this Act?
Who is authorized to supply and administer prescription medicine under a standing order?
What is a restricted medicine according to this Act?
Where can pharmacy-only medicine be sold, supplied, or distributed according to this Act?
What is the law regarding the sale of prescription medicines?
What is the definition of an authorised prescriber?
Can prescription medicines be sold without a prescription?
What are the circumstances in which prescription medicines can be sold without a prescription?
What is a standing order in relation to prescription medicines?
When can prescription medicines be sold or supplied despite subsections (2) and (2A)?
What is the definition of hawking in relation to prescription medicines?
Under what circumstances can prescription medicines be hawked?
What is the maximum fine for selling or supplying prescription medicine in contravention of subsection (1)?
What is the penalty for contravening any provision of this section other than subsection (5)?
Can a person sell medicine through an automatic vending machine or auction?
What is section 18(1)(aa)?
When was section 18(1)(aa) repealed?
What is section 18(1)(b)?
When was section 18(1)(b) substituted?
What is section 18(1)(c)?
When was section 18(1)(c) substituted?
What is section 18(2)?
When was section 18(2) substituted?
What is section 18(2A)?
When was section 18(2A) inserted?
What is section 18(2A)(a)?
When was section 18(2A)(a) amended?
What is section 18(2B)?
When was section 18(2B) inserted?
What is section 18(3)(b)?
When was section 18(3)(b) substituted?
What is section 18(5) of the Medicines Amendment Act 2003?
What are the restrictions on administering prescription medicines according to section 19?
What was amended in section 19(1)(a) by the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What does section 20 of the Medicines Amendment Act state about the sale or supply of new medicines?
What other sections of the Medicines Amendment Act mention prescription medicines?
What is the purpose of this section?
What are the consequences of selling or distributing a medicine without consent?
Who has the authority to give consent for the distribution of medicines?
Does obtaining consent guarantee the safety or efficacy of the medicine?
What are the potential penalties for violating this section?
Are there any exceptions to the requirement for obtaining consent before distributing a medicine?
What is the presumption made about medicines under this section?
How do the provisions of this section relate to other enactments?
What is the role of the Minister in giving consent for distribution of medicine?
What happens to previous consents given under a different Act?
What is a notice under subsection (2)?
Is a notice under subsection (2) considered secondary legislation?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation made under this section?
Are there any international transparency obligations under the CPTPP that may apply to secondary legislation made under this section?
Does the maker of secondary legislation under this section have to comply with s 75 of the Legislation Act 2019?
Is it required to present secondary legislation made under this section to the House of Representatives?
Can secondary legislation made under this section be disallowed by the House of Representatives?
What is Section 20 of the Act?
What amendments have been made to Section 20?
What is the purpose of Section 21?
What are the requirements for making an application for the Minister's consent under Section 20?
Who can make an application for the Minister's consent under Section 20?
What is the purpose of this application?
What are the requirements for submitting this application?
What information is required in the statement accompanying the application?
What are the particulars required by subsection (1)(d)?
What is the business address requirement for the person making the application?
What information is required about the manufacturer of the medicine and its ingredients?
What is the name requirement for the medicine being distributed?
What details are required about the method of manufacture of the medicine?
What information is required about the ingredients of the medicine?
What is the requirement for describing the quality of raw materials used in the manufacture of the medicine?
What is the requirement for describing the form or forms of the medicine?
What information is required about the dosage and frequency of dose of the medicine?
What is the requirement for describing the manner in which the medicine will be recommended to be administered or applied?
What information is required to be provided about a medicine before it can be distributed in New Zealand?
What are the purposes for which a medicine will be recommended to be used?
What kind of reports are required to establish the safety and efficacy of a medicine?
What is the process for translating non-English reports about a medicine?
How does the approval or consent of appropriate authorities in other countries impact the distribution of a medicine in New Zealand?
What is the intended method of distribution for a medicine in New Zealand?
What are the requirements for labeling and packaging medicine in New Zealand?
What information must be included in an application for consent to distribute medicine in New Zealand?
Under what circumstances is a notice deposited with the Director-General sufficient for consent under section 20?
What authority does the Director-General have in relation to applications for consent to distribute medicine?
What is required if the Director-General requests samples of a medicine before granting consent for distribution?
What is the purpose of section 20(2)?
What is required in an application for the distribution of medicine?
Can the Director-General require verification of statements made in an application?
Has section 21(1)(a) been repealed?
When was section 21(1)(ca) inserted?
When was section 21(4) amended?
Who has the authority to specify information or particulars concerning medicine?
What is the role of the Minister in the distribution of medicine?
What is the purpose of section 21?
What factors does the Minister consider before giving consent to distribute a medicine under section 21?
What happens if the Minister is not satisfied with the application under section 21?
What is the role of the appropriate committee in the section 21 application process?
What happens if the recommendation of the appropriate committee is to refuse consent for the distribution of the medicine?
What is the timeframe for the applicant to respond to the notification from the Minister under subsection (3) of section 21?
What is the purpose of subsection (3)?
What happens if someone objects to the recommendation under subsection (4)?
What is the role of the Medicines Review Committee in this process?
How does section 23 differ from sections 20-22?
Under what circumstances can the Minister give provisional consent for a new medicine?
What is the process for applying for the Minister's provisional consent?
What is the purpose of section 21(2)?
Who determines the conditions that can be imposed on provisional consent?
How long does a provisional consent given under this section last?
Can a provisional consent be renewed?
What happens if a provisional consent is granted under subsection (4A)?
What happens if a consent is granted under section 20 during the currency of a provisional consent?
What is a notice under this section considered as?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation made under this Act?
Does the secondary legislation made under this section have any international transparency obligations?
Is it required to present the secondary legislation to the House of Representatives?
What is the purpose of Schedule 1 of the Legislation Act 2019?
What does LA19 s 114, Sch 1 cl 32(1)(a) refer to?
Under what circumstances can the House of Representatives disallow a section of the act?
When was Section 23(1) replaced and by which act?
When was Section 23(2)(a) amended and by which act?
When was Section 23(4) amended and by which act?
What is the meaning of Section 23(4A)?
When was Section 23(4A) inserted and by which act?
What is the meaning of Section 23(4B)?
When was Section 23(4B) inserted and by which act?
When was Section 23(6) inserted and by which act?
What is the Secondary Legislation Act 2021?
What is the purpose of section 23A?
What does 'applicant' mean in this context?
What is an 'application' in this section?
What is the 'commencement date' referred to in this section?
What is considered 'confidential information' in this section?
What is meant by 'confidential supporting information'?
What is included in the definition of 'ingredient' in this section?
What is the definition of an innovative medicine application?
What is the criteria for an active ingredient to be considered innovative?
What is the protected period in relation to a medicine?
What is the definition of confidential supporting information?
What is an innovative medicine application?
What happens after the Minister receives confidential supporting information?
What is provisional consent?
What is the time period for the Minister to give notice of consent or refusal?
What happens if the Minister gives notice of consent or refusal?
What happens if the Minister does not give notice of consent or refusal?
What is the time period for confidential supporting information received by the Minister?
What happens after the time period for confidential supporting information has ended?
What is the definition of a WTO country?
When does the period end for an innovative medicine application if the Minister gives or refuses consent?
What is the significance of Section 23A in relation to this text?
How long after the innovative medicine application is received by the Minister does the period end in cases where there is no notice of consent or refusal?
What is the purpose of this text?
What is the Agricultural Compounds and Veterinary Medicines Amendment Act 2016?
What changes were made to Section 23A(a)(i)(A) protected period?
What amendment was made to Section 23A(a)(i)(B) protected period?
What is Section 23B about?
What is the protected period in relation to confidential supporting information for innovative medicines?
How long is the protected period for confidential supporting information for innovative medicines?
When does the protected period start for confidential supporting information for innovative medicines?
What happens after the protected period ends for confidential supporting information for innovative medicines?
What is section 23B?
What does section 23B require?
What is the purpose of section 23C?
When can the Minister disclose confidential supporting information under section 23C?
What are the circumstances where protection under section 23B does not apply?
What happens if the Minister discloses confidential supporting information without consent or necessity?
What is the purpose of disclosing confidential supporting information?
What are the circumstances under which confidential supporting information can be disclosed?
Who can confidential supporting information be disclosed to?
What steps must be taken to ensure that confidential supporting information remains confidential?
What is the role of advisory or technical committees in the disclosure of confidential supporting information?
What is the Medicines Classification Committee and what is its role in the disclosure of confidential supporting information?
What is the Medicines Review Committee and what is its role in the disclosure of confidential supporting information?
What is the World Health Organisation's involvement in the disclosure of confidential supporting information?
What is the Food and Agriculture Organisation's involvement in the disclosure of confidential supporting information?
What is the role of regulatory agencies of WTO countries in the disclosure of confidential supporting information?
What is the process for granting consent under subsection (1)(a)(i)?
Who can exercise the power to grant consent under subsection (1)(a)(i)?
What happens if the applicant's rights in respect of the relevant confidential supporting information have been transferred to another person?
What restrictions are placed on the distribution of changed medicines under section 24?
What is the purpose of section 20 in relation to medicine?
What changes require a notice to be deposited with the Director-General?
What information must be included in the notice for a change in medicine?
Is a fee required when depositing a notice with the Director-General?
What is the consequence of not depositing a notice for a material change in medicine?
What are the requirements for labeling medicine in this law?
What information must be included on the label of medicine according to this law?
What actions are prohibited without prior written consent from the Director-General?
What is the timeframe for selling or supplying medicine after a material change has been made and notice has been deposited with the Director-General?
What is the role of the Director-General in regulating medicine under this law?
What is required of importers or manufacturers under subsection (1)?
What happens if the Director-General believes a change to a medicine is not appropriate?
What information may the Director-General require from importers or manufacturers?
What happens if the Director-General is insufficiently informed about a medicine?
What action does the Director-General take if he refers a medicine to the Minister?
What is the title of this Act?
What are the consequences for failing to comply with subsection (1) or subsection (4)?
What are the consequences for contravening subsection (3)?
What is the punishment for an individual who commits an offence under subsection (6)?
What is the punishment for a body corporate that commits an offence under subsection (6)?
When was section 24(1A) inserted and by which Act?
When was section 24(7) added and by which Act?
When was the heading 'Qualifying new medicines' inserted and by which Act?
What is section 24A about?
Under what circumstances can the Director-General grant an approval under section 38I of the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996?
What is section 24A of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is required for someone to test a new medicine?
What happens if the Director-General declines to grant approval for a new organism?
What information does the Director-General provide to the EPA if a new medicine is not a qualifying new medicine?
What is the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996?
What is section 20 of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is the purpose of section 24B of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is the role of the Environmental Protection Authority in the approval process for medicines?
What is the significance of sections 24D to 24G of the Medicines Amendment Act?
When was section 5 of the Medicines Amendment Act (No 2) 2003 passed?
What is the definition of substance in section 2(1) of the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996?
What is the definition of responsible Minister in section 49A of the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996?
What is the definition of special emergency in section 49A of the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996?
When was Section 24C inserted and by which act?
What is the purpose of Section 24D?
What is required for an application to be made under Section 24D?
What are the conditions for approval of an application under Section 24D?
What factors must the Minister consider before approving an application under Section 24D?
What is the purpose of section 24D?
What are the requirements for submitting an application under section 24D?
How is the approval of an application under section 24D notified?
What is the duration of an approval under section 24D?
What are the restrictions on distributing medicine to patients?
What actions can an authorised prescriber take in relation to administering medicine to a patient?
What is the exception for new medicines under section 20?
Can an authorised prescriber sell or supply medicine to a patient directly?
What is the role of an authorised prescriber in packing and labelling medicine for a patient?
What is section 25 about?
What does subsection (1) of section 26 allow pharmacists to do?
What are the limitations of subsection (2) of section 26?
What are the restrictions on the sale or supply of medicine by a pharmacist?
What is the exception to subsection (1) for the sale or supply of medicine?
What is the exemption for veterinarians and registered health practitioners in regards to manufacturing, selling, supplying, or administering medicine?
What is the purpose of this legislation?
What does section 27(a) allow for?
What was repealed in section 27(b)?
Who can sell or supply medicine under section 27(c)(i)?
What is section 16(2) of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What are the exemptions in respect of herbal remedies according to the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
Who can manufacture, pack, label, sell or supply herbal remedies under the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What are the conditions for manufacturing, packing, labeling, selling or supplying herbal remedies under the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is the designation required for selling or supplying herbal remedies under the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is section 20 of the Medicines Act 1968?
What is section 24 of the Medicines Act 1968?
What is the exemption for medicine required by a medical practitioner?
What is paragraph (a) of the definition of new medicine in section 3(3)?
What is the Legislation Act 2019?
What happens if a person sells or supplies a new medicine before the consent of the Minister to distribute it has been published?
What is the purpose of the exemption for medicine required by a medical practitioner?
What is the purpose of section 29 of the Secondary Legislation Act 2021?
What are the consequences of failing to comply with subsection (2) of section 29?
What is the exemption provided in section 30 of the act?
When was section 29(2) and section 29(3) amended?
What is the purpose of distributing medicine for clinical and scientific information?
Who can conduct the clinical trial?
How can an application for approval be made?
What particulars are required in the application for approval?
What is the purpose of the trial?
What information must be supplied to investigators?
What qualifications must investigators have?
What is included in the protocol of the trial?
How many patients will be involved in the trial?
What special measures will be taken to ensure patient safety?
Where will the medicines be used and what facilities will be available?
What are the requirements for distributing medicine under this section?
What must be included on every label of the medicine?
What steps must the importer or manufacturer take before distributing the medicine?
What records must the importer or manufacturer keep?
How often must the importer or manufacturer report to the Director-General about the trial?
What must the importer or manufacturer supply to the Director-General upon completion of the trial?
What is the context of this text?
What is the significance of revoking or suspending approval of a clinical trial?
What are sections 17 to 24 referred to in section 31(1)?
What is the purpose of exemptions for agents and employees in section 31?
What is a restricted medicine according to this text?
What authority is conferred by section 28(2)?
What does subsection (1) of this Act confer?
To whom does the authority conferred by subsection (1) extend and apply?
What are the limitations on the authority conferred by subsection (1)?
Who is authorized to pack or label medicines according to this Act?
Does this Act authorize a person to manufacture medicines?
What is the purpose of section 31(4) of the Medicines Act?
Who is exempt from sections 17 and 20 to 24 of the Medicines Act?
What activities can a natural therapist or other person do with regards to medicines?
What is the difference between a prescription medicine and a non-prescription medicine according to this section?
What are the different categories of medicines mentioned in this Act?
Under what circumstances can a medicine be administered to a particular person?
What exemptions does the Crown have in respect of importation of medicines?
Does the Crown need to comply with any provisions of this Act while importing and selling medicines?
Which sections of this Act still apply to the Crown despite the exemptions?
What is the significance of section 50(2) in relation to this Act?
What is the purpose of section 24?
What does subsection (1) of section 24 state?
Who is allowed to sell medicine imported by the Crown under subsection (1)?
What is subsection (4) of section 24 about?
Does section 24 prevent pharmacists from selling medicine imported by the Crown?
What does subsection (5) of section 24 state?
What does subsection (7) of section 24 confer?
What does the term 'sell' include in this section?
What was repealed in section 32A(6)?
What are the exemptions mentioned in section 33?
Who can procure a medicine according to section 33(a)?
What is allowed in section 33(b)?
What is the definition of a prescription medicine?
What is the exemption for sale by wholesale of medicines?
What is section 34A of the Medicines Amendment Act 2022?
Under what circumstances can the Director-General authorize off-label administration of COVID-19 vaccines?
Who has the authority to issue a notice under this section?
What matters can be specified in the notice?
What factors must the Director-General consider before issuing a notice?
What is the effect of a notice issued under this section on the classification of the vaccine as a new medicine?
What does this section allow for in regards to administering vaccines?
What is the status of a notice made under this section?
What are the requirements for publishing a notice made under this section?
Who must present a notice made under this section to the House of Representatives?
Can a notice made under this section be disallowed?
When was Section 34A inserted and by what act?
What does Section 35 address in regards to consents for medicines?
What is the purpose of section 20 and section 23 in the Medicines Act?
Under what circumstances can the Minister revoke or suspend a consent given under section 20 or section 23?
What happens when a consent is suspended under this section?
Is a notice under this section primary or secondary legislation?
Where can one find secondary legislation made under this Act?
What is the name of the legislation referred to in this text?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation under this legislation?
What is the purpose of s 75 of the Legislation Act 2019?
Can the House of Representatives disallow the secondary legislation?
When was Section 35(1) amended and why?
When was Section 35(3) inserted and why?
What does Section 36 of the legislation refer to?
What is the purpose of Section 24?
What action can the Director-General take if he believes a medicine may be unsafe or ineffective?
What happens if the Director-General is not satisfied with the evidence provided by the importer or manufacturer?
What is the role of the appropriate committee in this process?
What power does the Minister have in relation to the importer or manufacturer?
What is the maximum fine for selling or supplying medicine in contravention of a notice given under subsection (3)?
Under what circumstances can the Minister revoke a notice given under subsection (3)?
What powers does the Minister have regarding the import, manufacture, packing, sale, possession, supply, administration, or other use of medicines?
What is the purpose of this section of the Act?
What power does the Minister have under subsection (1)?
Can the Minister exercise this power more than once for the same medicine or medical device?
What happens if someone contravenes a notice given under subsection (1)?
Is a notice under this section considered secondary legislation?
What is the CPTPP?
What are the international transparency obligations under the CPTPP?
What is s 75 of the Legislation Act 2019?
What is Schedule 1 of the Legislation Act 2019?
What is LA19 ss 115, 116?
What is Section 37(1)?
What is Section 37(4)?
What is the definition of medical device in this section?
What is considered an unsafe medical device according to this section?
What is the definition of a medical device?
Under what circumstances can two medical devices be considered the same kind?
What can the Director-General do if they believe a medical device may be unsafe?
What evidence must the importer or manufacturer supply to the Director-General regarding the safety of a medical device?
What happens if the Director-General is not satisfied with the evidence provided regarding the safety of a medical device?
What happens if someone fails to comply with subsection (3)?
What is the penalty for committing an offence under this section?
What is the definition of 'medical device' in this context?
What is the significance of the amendment made to section 38(1)(a) on March 7, 2017?
What is the significance of the amendment made to section 38(8) on July 1, 2013?
What is the purpose of section 39?
What is prohibited under section 39(1)(a)?
What is the Medicines Act?
What are the offences under the Medicines Act?
What is the purpose of the Medicines Act?
What is the difference between section 58 and section 63 of the Medicines Act?
What is the penalty for contravening the Medicines Act?
What are the consequences of not complying with subsection (1)?
What is the difference between conforming and not conforming with a standard?
What is the duty of an importer or manufacturer according to section 41?
What is the duty of the importer or manufacturer in New Zealand if they believe that a medicine has caused substantial untoward effects?
What is the penalty for failing to comply with subsection (1) of section 41?
What is the requirement for importers and manufacturers who sell or distribute medicines in New Zealand?
Can importers or manufacturers sell herbal remedies without possessing specifications?
When must the Director-General be notified about any substantial untoward effects of a medicine?
What are the specifications for testing the quality of medicine?
What is required in the certificate of testing for every batch of medicine distributed in New Zealand?
What happens if a person contravenes section 42(3)?
What is required for a pharmacy to operate in New Zealand?
What is the purpose of section 42A?
What are the requirements imposed by subsections (1) and (2) of section 42B?
Who is authorized to supply medicines to a member of the public according to subsection (3) of section 42B?
What is the penalty for non-compliance with section 42B?
What is Section 42B?
What is Section 42C about?
What is the restriction on authorised prescribers and delegated prescribers holding interest in pharmacies?
What is the consequence of violating subsection (1) of Section 42C?
What is the role of the licensing authority in granting consent under subsection (1)?
What is section 42C?
What does section 43 restrict?
Who is allowed to prescribe medicines?
What are the consequences of possessing prescription medicines without a reasonable excuse?
Under what circumstances can a person have a reasonable excuse for possessing prescription medicine?
Who is allowed to possess prescription medicine under this Act?
What are the consequences of contravening this Act?
What is the definition of a person under this section?
Under what circumstances is possession of prescription medicine not considered a contravention of this section?
Who is allowed to possess prescription medicine under this section?
What are the exceptions to the contravention of this section?
What is the subject of section 43?
What is the penalty for contravening subsection (1)?
What is the onus of proof in relation to possession of prescription medicine?
Is lack of knowledge that the medicine was a prescription medicine a reasonable excuse?
When was section 43(2) substituted and by what act?
When was section 43(2)(c)(i) amended and by what act?
When was section 43(6) repealed?
What are the requirements for containers and packages of medicines according to section 23(2) of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What happens if a container or package of medicine does not meet the requirements outlined in section 23(2) of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is the purpose of labeling medicine containers in a prescribed manner?
Are there any exceptions to the requirements for containers and packages of medicines under the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What are the requirements for a container to be considered child-resistant?
What records must be kept by those who manufacture, pack, sell or supply medicine?
How long must the records be retained for?
Who is authorized to inspect and make copies of the records?
What other information must be provided upon demand by an officer or constable?
What are the offences under Section 45 of this Act?
What are the requirements for containers of medicines under this Act?
What is the penalty for obstructing an inspection under subsection (2) of Section 45?
What is the defence to a charge brought under subsection (1) of Section 46?
What is the purpose of the law mentioned in the text?
What are the restrictions on storing prescription medicine or restricted medicine?
What are the consequences of leaving a building or vehicle unattended with prescription medicine or restricted medicine inside?
What are the provisions of section 25 of the Act?
What is the penalty for contravening any provision of this section?
What is the effect of granting delegated prescribing rights under sections 105(1)(qaa) and 105D of the Act?
What is a delegated prescribing order?
What prescription medicines can a delegated prescriber prescribe?
What powers does the Minister have in relation to prescribing of medicines?
What is the Gazette in relation to medicine prescribing?
What is the purpose of subsection (1)?
Who can exercise power under subsection (1)?
What recommendations are required for medical practitioners, dentists, pharmacists, registered midwives or nurses, veterinarians, and optometrists to exercise power under subsection (1)?
What is a designated prescriber or delegated prescriber?
What recommendation is required for a designated prescriber or delegated prescriber to exercise power under subsection (1)?
Can the Minister make changes to subsection (3)?
What is the purpose of section 48?
What changes were made to section 48 in 1999, 2003, and 2013?
What is the jurisdiction of councils or boards referred to in section 48?
What powers do councils or boards have under section 48A?
What powers do councils and boards have under subsection (2)?
Is it necessary for any other body to conduct an investigation or inquiry under subsection (3)?
What happens if a person contravenes a notice given under section 48(1)?
What is the purpose of section 48A?
Who is considered a restricted person under this section?
What authority does a Medical Officer of Health have under subsection (2)?
What are the conditions and exceptions that may be prescribed in the notice given by the Medical Officer of Health?
What happens if a person fails to comply with the requirement to serve a copy of the notice on the restricted person?
Can a person appeal a notice issued under this section?
What is the penalty for prescribing or supplying prescription medicine to a restricted person?
What is the purpose of subsections (2) and (3)?
What is a restricted medicine?
What happens if a restricted person tries to obtain a prescription or medicine?
What is the role of a Medical Officer of Health in relation to prescription medicines and restricted medicines?
Can a Medical Officer of Health restrict the supply of prescription medicines or restricted medicines to a person?
What is the scope of subsection (1)?
What is the privilege provided under subsection (2)?
What are the classes of persons referred to in subsection (3)?
What is the meaning of 'officers' in subsection (3)(a)?
What is Health New Zealand established by section 11 of the Pae Ora (Healthy Futures) Act 2022?
What is the meaning of 'hospital care' in subsection (3)(c)?
What is the meaning of 'managers of prisons' in subsection (3)(d)?
What is the meaning of 'managers of treatment centres' in subsection (3)(e)?
What are authorised prescribers and delegated prescribers in subsections (3)(f) and (3)(g)?
What is the meaning of 'Police employees' in subsection (3)(h)?
What is the meaning of 'persons who deal in prescription medicines or restricted medicines in the course of business' in subsection (3)(i)?
What is the purpose of section 49A?
What rights and duties does a Medical Officer of Health have under subsections (1) and (2)?
What is the penalty for publishing information obtained from a statement made pursuant to subsection (1), or any comment on such a statement?
How has subsection (3)(b) been amended by the Pae Ora (Healthy Futures) Act 2022?
When was section 49A inserted into the Medicines Act, and by which legislation?
What is the significance of the changes made to subsection (3)(c) by the Health and Disability Services (Safety) Act 2001?
What is the Corrections Act 2004?
What was replaced in section 49A(3)(e) and by what act?
What was replaced in section 49A(3)(f) and by what act?
What was replaced in section 49A(3)(g) and by what act?
What was repealed in section 49A(3)(ga) and by what act?
What was repealed in section 49A(3)(gb) and by what act?
What is the Policing Act 2008?
What is required for an application for a license?
Who can an application for a license be made to?
What must an application for a medicine licence contain?
Who can make an application for a medicine licence?
What happens if an application complies with the requirements of this section and any regulations made under this Act?
What is the title of the Act being referenced?
What does section 50(1) state?
When was section 50(4) substituted and by what Act?
What is the requirement for issuing a licence according to section 51?
What are the matters that the licensing authority must be satisfied with before issuing a licence according to section 51?
What is section 83(d)?
What knowledge is required for a natural person to apply for a license?
What knowledge is required for a body corporate to apply for a license?
What are the hazards associated with medicines?
What makes premises and equipment suitable and adequate for a license?
What kind of records need to be maintained for medicines under the license?
What is the scope of record-keeping for a pharmacy license?
What factors does the licensing authority consider when determining if an applicant is a fit and proper person or of good repute?
What types of convictions can be taken into account by the licensing authority when determining if an applicant is a fit and proper person or of good repute?
Can the licensing authority issue a license to sell medicines by retail for premises that are not open to the public?
What is the minimum distance required between a shop selling medicines and a licensed pharmacy?
Can the licensing authority decline an application for a license to operate without providing a reason?
What are the requirements for obtaining a license under this section?
What conditions can be imposed on a license?
Can a license to sell a medicine be combined with a license to pack that medicine?
Under what circumstances can the licensing authority cancel or suspend a license?
What rights does the license holder have in relation to cancellation or suspension of their license?
What is the maximum penalty that can be imposed on a license holder for failing to comply with license conditions?
What actions can the licensing authority take if they are satisfied that the license holder has failed to comply with license conditions?
What is the maximum period for which the licensing authority can forbid the license holder or any person with an interest in the pharmacy from holding any interest in or operating a pharmacy?
Can a penalty imposed under subsection (6A) be recovered in a court of competent jurisdiction?
When can the licensing authority refuse to issue a license, attach conditions to a license, or cancel a license under this section or under section 55A?
What is the purpose of section 51?
What happens if a person is refused a licence under section 51?
What is a professional conduct committee according to section 51?
What amendments have been made to section 51 over time?
What changes were made to Section 51 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
When were the changes to Section 51 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013 made?
What is the effect of licenses under Section 52 of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is the purpose of a licence to manufacture medicines?
What activities are authorised by a licence to pack medicines?
What does a licence to sell medicines by retail authorise?
What is the difference between a licence to sell medicines by retail and wholesale?
Can a licence to sell medicines by retail authorise the sale of prescription or restricted medicines?
What conditions is a licence subject to?
What does a medicine licence authorize?
Under what circumstances can a licence be cancelled?
How long does a licence remain in force?
What happens if a new licence is issued before the existing one expires?
What is the requirement for applying for a new license before the expiration of an existing license?
What happens to the existing license if the application for a new license is not disposed of before its expiration date?
What is the section number for the requirement of displaying licenses?
Where should the current license be exhibited according to section 54(1)?
What should a licensee do if they are unable to produce their license for inspection?
What is the consequence of contravening subsection (1) or failing to produce a license as required by subsection (2)?
What is the purpose of the register of licenses mentioned in this passage?
Who is allowed to access the register of licenses and when?
What additional criteria must be satisfied by pharmacy operators before they can be granted a license to operate?
What are the criteria for obtaining a license to operate a pharmacy?
What happens if the holder of a license no longer satisfies the criteria set out in subsection (1)?
What is the process for suspending or canceling a license?
What rights does the holder of a suspended license have during the hearing process?
What authority has the power to suspend or cancel a license to operate a pharmacy?
What is the purpose of section 55A?
What does section 55B allow the licensing authority to do?
What are the purposes referred to in subsection (2) of section 55B?
What happens if an applicant fails to supply the information requested under section 55B within 30 days?
What are the requirements for obtaining a pharmacy license?
What percentage of share capital must be owned by pharmacists to operate a pharmacy?
Can a company be exempt from the ownership requirements for a pharmacy license?
Under what circumstances is a pharmacy deemed to have been issued a license?
Are there any exceptions to the ownership requirements for pharmacies in hospitals?
When does subsection (2)(e) cease to apply to a company?
Who is considered a pharmacist for the purposes of this section?
What is the Insolvency Act 2006?
What is the purpose of section 55D?
What is the restriction mentioned in section 55E?
Who can be granted a license to operate a pharmacy according to section 55E?
What is the purpose of section 114A(1) mentioned in this text?
Who is exempt from the requirements of section 114A(1)?
What is the definition of a 'person' for the purposes of subsection (1)?
Does membership in a company that operates a pharmacy count as holding an interest in the pharmacy?
Who is included in the definition of 'pharmacist' for the purposes of subsection (3)?
What is the authority for section 260 and Schedule 6 of the Companies Act 1993?
What is the limitation on carrying out business in a pharmacy after the death of a pharmacist or appointment of a liquidator, receiver, or manager?
What does majority interest mean in relation to a pharmacy according to this section?
When was section 55E inserted into the Companies Act 1993?
What is section 17 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2003?
What is paragraph (b) of section 55E(3) pharmacist?
What is section 55F about in the Medicines Amendment Act 2003?
What are the limitations on operating or holding a majority interest in pharmacies according to section 55F?
What are the exceptions to the limitations on operating or holding a majority interest in pharmacies according to section 55F?
What is the purpose of section 55F?
What entities are exempt from subsection (1) of section 55F?
What is the definition of 'mortgagee in possession' in section 55G?
How long can a mortgagee in possession operate a pharmacy under section 55G?
What authority imposes conditions on extended periods for operating a pharmacy under sections 55D, 55E, and 55G?
What does section 55G(2) of the Medicines Amendment Act 2003 state?
What is Part 4 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2003 about?
What is the definition of 'advertisement' in Part 4 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2003?
What is the definition of 'medical advertisement' in Part 4 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2003?
What is the definition of 'method of treatment' in Part 4 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2003?
What does 'publish' mean in Part 4 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2003?
What is the purpose of this passage?
What is being restricted in section 57?
What are the different ways in which information can be brought to the notice of the public according to section 56?
What other laws are mentioned in this passage?
What is the penalty for violating section 57?
What regulations govern the advertising of medicines and medical devices?
What are the consequences of violating these regulations?
What information must be included in an advertisement for medicines or medical devices?
What statements are prohibited in advertisements for medicines or medical devices?
Are there any restrictions on the labeling of medicines or medical devices?
How are medicines and medical devices advertised?
What is the purpose of these regulations?
What is the purpose of this law?
What are the restrictions on medical advertisements?
How are advertisements monitored for compliance with this law?
What are the consequences of violating this law?
What kind of information is considered misleading under this Act?
What diseases or conditions are specified in Schedule 1?
What are the consequences for violating this law?
What is the context of this legal text?
What is the purpose of this legal text?
What is the penalty for violating paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (1)?
What is the exception to being charged with an offence against paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of subsection (1)?
What is the requirement for medical advertisements according to subsection (1)?
What is the compliance requirement for a body corporate under subsection (2)?
What is the statement required in a medical advertisement according to subsection (3)?
What is the purpose of this advertisement?
What are the regulations mentioned in this section?
What is the purpose of the Procedure Act 2011?
What is section 57(1)﻿(g) of the Procedure Act 2011?
What is the exemption for certain advertisements under the Procedure Act 2011?
What are the conditions for medical advertisements to be exempted from sections 57(1)﻿(g), 58, and 59 of the Procedure Act 2011?
How does the distribution of medical advertisements affect their exemption under the Procedure Act 2011?
What is the difference between a prescription medicine, a restricted medicine, and a pharmacy-only medicine?
What is the scope of the exemption for medical advertisements under the Procedure Act 2011?
What is the penalty for selling medicines or medical devices with false or misleading branding according to the 1969 No 7 s 1161?
What are the consequences for contravening subsection (1)?
What is the difference between this act and the 1969 No 7 s 762 Regulations relating to advertisements?
What kind of information or warning can be required in medical advertisements according to the regulations mentioned in the text?
What are the restrictions on advertising medical products or treatments?
What authority does the Minister have in regulating medical advertisements?
What organizations are consulted in the decision-making process for this legislation?
Who has the authority to regulate medical advertisements?
What is the purpose of regulating medical advertisements?
Are there any restrictions on the content of medical advertisements?
Is there a right of appeal for any requirements or directions related to medical advertisements?
What are the requirements for advertisements of medicines or medical devices?
Are there any restrictions on the disclosure of information in these advertisements?
What is the status of regulations made under this section?
What happens if the Minister makes requirements or directions under subsection (1)(c)?
What is the difference between the requirements for secondary legislation in subsection (3) and subsection (4)(a) of the Legislation Act 2019?
What is the process for publication, presentation, and disallowance of secondary legislation under the Legislation Act 2019?
Can secondary legislation be disallowed by the House of Representatives under the Legislation Act 2019?
What is the purpose of Schedule 1 of the Legislation Act 2019 in relation to the presentation of secondary legislation to the House of Representatives?
How does the PCO notify the Gazette about secondary legislation under the Legislation Act 2019?
What actions can an officer take under this section?
What types of products does this section apply to?
Under what circumstances can an officer enter premises or vehicles?
Can officers purchase or take samples of products under this section?
What is the scope of the examination that officers are allowed to conduct under this section?
What is the purpose of this medical device?
What regulations apply to the sale of medical devices?
What kind of information can officers access during an inspection?
Under what circumstances can an officer seize and detain an article?
What actions can an officer take if they believe an offence has been committed under this Act?
What powers do officers have under section 63?
What happens if an officer seizes an article not in the occupation or use of the owner?
When was section 63(4) repealed?
What is the purpose of this article?
What happens to an article that is seized under section 63?
Who is liable for the costs and expenses incurred in the disposition of a seized article?
Under what circumstances can an article seized under section 63 be returned to its owner?
What is section 63(2)(i)?
What is the process for applying to the District Court under section 63(2)(i)?
What orders can the District Court make under section 63(2)?
What are the possible outcomes of an application to the District Court under section 63(2)(i)?
Under what circumstances can a substance or article be seized or detained?
Can compensation be awarded if a substance or article is deemed to have been rightfully seized or detained?
Who is responsible for paying compensation in such cases?
How is the compensation amount determined?
What rules of procedure apply to applications made under this section?
Are orders made by the court under this section final and binding?
Does this section limit or affect any other enactments?
What is the Act 2016?
What is section 65(10) of the Act 2016?
When was section 443(3) of the Customs and Excise Act 2018 amended?
What are the powers given to the Director-General or a Medical Officer of Health under section 66?
When can the Director-General or a Medical Officer of Health require a person to produce books, documents, or other records?
What kind of information can be required by the Director-General or a Medical Officer of Health under section 66?
Who has the power to make copies of books, documents, or other records?
What happens if someone refuses to comply with a requisition made pursuant to this section?
What was repealed in section 66(4)?
What is the power given in section 67?
What powers does an officer have under this Act?
What is required of a person in possession of a medicine or medical device?
What happens if a person fails to comply with an officer's requirement?
Are prosecutors or witnesses compelled to disclose information in a prosecution under this Act?
What are the requirements for procuring a sample for analysis?
What happens if an officer does not inform the owner of the sample about submitting it to an analyst?
What substances or articles can an officer require a sample of?
What is the penalty for requiring a sample from a retail container without permission?
What does this section allow officers to do?
Are there any exceptions to the rules outlined in this section?
What happens if an officer takes a sample without complying with the sections?
Can the result of any analysis be used in court proceedings?
What is the purpose of section 18(2)?
What is the consequence of refusing or failing to comply with a demand or requisition made by an officer under this Act?
What is the requirement for the certificate of the analyst?
What happens if a person is found in possession of a substance intended for sale?
What is the role of an analyst under this Act?
How can a person obtain a copy of the analyst's certificate?
What is the penalty for publishing false advertisement about medicine or medical device analysis under this Act?
What is the purpose of the certificate mentioned in this section?
What is required for a certificate to be admissible in evidence?
What happens if a copy of the certificate is not served to the defendant before the hearing?
What is the significance of the Official Information Amendment Act 1987 in relation to this section?
What is the purpose of the analyst certificate?
What happens if the defendant requires the analyst to be called as a witness?
Under what circumstances can the result of an analysis be disregarded?
Will evidence of an analysis be ruled inadmissible if there has not been strict compliance with regulations?
What are the special provisions relating to imported consignments?
What happens if an officer reasonably believes that a consignment does not comply with the provisions of this Act?
What are the options available to an officer if a consignment does not comply with the provisions of this Act?
What is the role of the importer in case of non-compliance with the provisions of this Act?
What is the significance of the Customs and Excise Act 2018 in relation to this Act?
What is the procedure for serving notice of seizure on the importer of the goods?
What happens if goods are seized under this section?
What is the duty of officers of the Customs according to this section?
What modifications apply to section 65 under this section?
What powers do officers of the Customs have in relation to uncustomed or prohibited goods?
When was this section last amended and what were the amendments?
What is the presumption mentioned in section 73(1)?
What is the presumption mentioned in section 73(2)?
What is the significance of a copy of a record or an extract certified by an officer under section 63(2)?
What is the purpose of section 66(2) in this Act?
What is the significance of a certificate signed by a licensing authority under this Act?
What is the penalty for obstructing an officer under this Act?
What is the context of this subsection?
What are the actions that constitute obstruction of an officer under this subsection?
What is the punishment for obstructing an officer under this subsection?
What is the definition of an officer in this Act?
What is section 63?
What happens if someone refuses to give assistance to an officer?
What is the penalty for making a false statement under this Act?
What is the maximum penalty for committing an offence under section 76(2)?
Who can be charged with an offence under section 76A of the Act?
What is the difference between an authorised prescriber and a delegated prescriber?
Has section 76(2) been amended before? If so, when and how?
What is the purpose of section 76A of the Act?
What is section 76A about?
When was section 76A amended and why?
What is section 77 of the Medicines Amendment Act?
When was section 77 amended and why?
What is the limitation period for an offence against this Act or any regulations made under it?
What should be served with the summons in such proceedings?
What is the title of the Act being referred to?
What was the penalty for an offense not provided elsewhere in the Act?
When was section 77(1) repealed and replaced?
What is the maximum imprisonment term for an offense against this Act?
Who is liable for the acts of agents or employees under this Act?
What is the penalty for committing an offence under this Act?
What is the defence against a charge brought under subsection (1)?
Who else can be held liable for an offence committed by a body corporate?
What is the difference between subsection (3) and the compared sections?
What is the penalty for selling a counterfeit medical device?
What is the defence for selling a counterfeit medical device?
What is required of the defendant in order to use the defence?
How long does the defendant have to deliver the written notice to the prosecutor?
What is the purpose of section (3)?
Under what circumstances can evidence be admissible for supporting a defence under subsection (2)?
What is the difference between subsection (1) and subsection (2)?
What are the conditions that need to be proven for a good defence in a prosecution for selling or supplying any medicine or medical device contrary to any provision of this Act?
What is the significance of a written warranty or other written statement in proving a good defence?
What is the role of the defendant's belief or suspicion in proving a good defence?
What is the alleged offence being referred to?
What are the conditions for a warranty or statement to be considered as a defence under this section?
What are the requirements for the signature on a warranty or statement to be considered valid?
What does the defendant need to prove in order for a warranty or statement to be considered as a defence?
What is the defence available to a person accused of selling or supplying medicine or medical devices contrary to the Act or regulations made under it?
What does the defendant need to prove to use the defence mentioned in subsection (3)?
What are the conditions under which subsection (1) and subsection (3) do not apply?
What is required of the defendant within 7 days after the service of the summons?
Who does subsection (5) apply to?
What is the difference between this section and section 3282 of the 1969 No 7 law?
What happens if a person is named on a label or statement in relation to a medicine or medical device?
What are the criteria for a person to be entitled to the benefit of this section?
What is the liability of persons named on labels according to section 3282 of the 1969 No 7 law?
What is the context of this legal provision?
What is the consequence of being an agent for someone who sells or supplies medicine or medical devices?
What is the defence available in a prosecution under subsection (1)?
What happens if the defendant does not deliver a written notice within 7 days?
What is the difference between subsection (1) and subsection (4)?
What is section 17 and section 18 referred to in subsection (4)?
What is the penalty for a licensee convicted of an offence under this Act?
What are the options available to the court when a licensee is convicted of an offence under this Act?
What information does the court cause to be recorded in case of conviction of a licensee?
What is the purpose of section 83(6)?
What happens if someone is convicted of an offence under this Act?
Can the court order the payment of expenses for analysis on conviction?
What is the consequence of a conviction under this Act?
Has section 83(6) been amended before?
What is the consequence of a conviction under section 61 of the Medicines Act?
What happens to the medicine, medical device or material found on the premises of the defendant or in their possession at the time of the offence?
Under what circumstances can a court order the withdrawal of medicines or medical devices from sale?
What is the purpose of publishing the order and offence in the Gazette?
What actions must distributors, wholesalers, or retailers take upon publication of the order in the Gazette?
Can distributors, wholesalers, or retailers recover costs and expenses incurred from taking action under subsection (2)?
What are the provisions of sections 57, 58, and 61?
What happens if a person is convicted of an offence against these provisions?
What modifications apply to subsections (2) and (3) in such cases?
What is the role of the Director-General in case of conviction for an offence under sections 57, 58, and 61?
What is the purpose of publishing particulars of the offence and substances or articles in relation to which the offence was committed in the Gazette?
What is the difference between a distributor, wholesaler, and retailer in this context?
What happens if an optometrist, designated prescriber, or delegated prescriber is convicted of an offence against this Act or regulations made under it?
Who should the court send particulars of the conviction to if the person is a veterinarian?
What is the responsible authority for the health profession to which the person belongs?
Can any person appeal against the decision of the Director-General made under section 30 or section 38 or of the licensing authority made under section 51?
When should every appeal be commenced under subsection (1)?
What decisions can be appealed to the Medicines Review Committee?
What decisions can be appealed to the High Court?
What are the grounds for appeal to the High Court?
What happens during an appeal to the Medicines Review Committee?
What happens during an appeal to the High Court?
What is the time limit for commencing an appeal under section 89?
What happens if the time limit for commencing an appeal is exceeded?
What powers does the court have on an appeal under subsection (1) of section 89?
Can the court modify or quash a decision on any ground other than those specified in subsection (2) of section 89?
When was section 89(4) repealed and by which Act?
What happens at the hearing of an appeal under section 89?
What kind of evidence can the court receive during a hearing?
What powers does the court have in relation to modifying decisions made by the Medicines Review Committee?
Under what circumstances can the court order a private hearing?
What rules apply to the procedure for appeals under section 89?
What section of the law is being referred to?
What is the effect of a decision referred to in subsection (1) of section 89?
Can a person be deprived of the right of appeal under section 89?
What happens when the High Court or the Court of Appeal modifies a decision of the Medicines Review Committee?
What is the purpose of section 6992 of the 1979 law?
Who can apply for the Judge of the High Court to state a case for the Court of Appeal?
What is the Court of Appeal?
What types of cases can be appealed to the Court of Appeal?
What factors does the court consider when granting leave to appeal?
What powers and discretions does the Court of Appeal have in determining an appeal under this Act?
What is the purpose of sections 89 and 90?
What is the effect of a decision by the High Court under this section?
When can the decision of the High Court take effect?
What happens if leave to appeal is given by the court?
What is the meaning of 'related product' in section 94 of this law?
What is a related product?
What is excluded from the definition of a related product?
What is a new related product?
When was section 94(1)(aa) inserted into the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is the scope of this Act?
Which sections of the Act apply to new related products?
How are material changes in related products regulated?
What modifications apply to the regulation of related products under this Act?
What is the purpose of subsection (2)(c) and subsection (2)(d)?
Which sections apply to related products in the same manner as they apply to medicines?
What powers can be exercised in respect of related products according to subsection (1) of section 105?
What is Part 7A of the Medicines Act?
What is the definition of biological material in this context?
What is a specified biotechnical procedure?
What is xenotransplantation?
What does a biotechnical procedure involving xenotransplantation entail?
What is included in the definition of xenotransplantation?
When was section 96A inserted into the Medicines Act?
What is the Cines (Restricted Biotechnical Procedures) Amendment Act 2002?
What did section 96A of the act refer to?
When was section 96A repealed and why?
What is the Human Assisted Reproductive Technology Act 2004?
What does section 96B of the act entail?
What is required to conduct a specified biotechnical procedure?
What are the consequences of conducting a specified biotechnical procedure without authorization?
Who can authorize a person or body of persons to conduct a particular specified biotechnical procedure?
What is the process for obtaining authorization to conduct a specified biotechnical procedure?
What is the purpose of section 96E(1)?
Can an authorisation granted under subsection (1) be subject to conditions?
What actions can the Minister take in relation to an authorisation granted under subsection (1)?
What is the requirement for publishing a notice under subsection (1) or subsection (4)?
What is the authority given to the Governor-General under section 96D(1)?
Who can make a recommendation for biotechnical procedures?
What criteria must be met for a recommendation to be made?
Can an authorisation be granted with conditions?
What type of legislation is an order under this section?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation under this Act?
What presentation requirements are there for an order under this section?
Can an order under this section be disallowed?
What is section 96D of the Medicines (Restricted Biotechnical Procedures) Amendment Act 2002?
What was inserted in section 96D(4) and when?
What are the criteria for authorisations under section 96E?
What does the Minister need to be satisfied with before granting or recommending an authorisation under section 96G?
What are the five criteria that a specified biotechnical procedure or class of specified biotechnical procedure needs to meet according to section 96E?
What is the purpose of the Secondary Legislation Act 2021 (2021 No 7)?
What is section 96E about?
What are the criteria specified in subsection (1) of section 96E?
What happens if the Minister is not satisfied with the conduct of the procedure or class of procedure?
Who can provide advice to the Minister on the question of whether or not the conduct of the procedure or class of procedure meets the specified criteria?
When was section 96E inserted and by which Act?
What is section 96E(3)(a)?
What are the criteria in question?
What is the purpose of establishing a committee to advise on the criteria?
What kind of body or association can be requested to advise on the criteria?
What is the role of the applicant in obtaining advice on the criteria?
What is required for a committee or body to provide advice under section 96E(3)(a)?
What is the Inquiries Act 2013 and how does it apply to this situation?
What is the purpose of section 96F?
What is the process for requesting an authorisation under sections 96C or 96D(1)?
What changes were made to section 96F(3) and when did they come into effect?
Can the Minister direct a committee or body not to consider matters relating to an applicant's application?
What is the criteria for the Minister to examine an applicant's application?
Is there a specific form that must be used for an application under section 96G(1)?
What is section 96G about?
What is the purpose of section 96H?
What are the enforcement powers under section 96I?
What is the fee required for an application under section 96F(2)?
What is the definition of a specified biotechnical procedure?
What changes were made to section 63(2)(a) by the Medicines (Restricted Biotechnical Procedures) Amendment Act 2002?
What is the purpose of section 96B?
When does Part 7A expire?
Can the Governor-General extend the expiry date of Part 7A?
What is the purpose of section 96J?
What is the process for making an order under section 96J?
Who is responsible for presenting the order to the House of Representatives?
Can the order be disallowed by the House of Representatives?
When was section 96J inserted into the Medicines (Restricted Biotechnical Procedures) Amendment Act 2002?
What amendment was made to section 96J(1) on September 29, 2020?
What amendment was made to section 96J(2)?
What is the Medicines (Specified Biotechnical Procedures) Amendment Act 2005?
What is section 96J(3)?
What does section 97 of the act state?
When was section 96J(3) replaced?
What are sections 69 and 70 referred to in section 97(2)?
What is the purpose of section 2698 in the sample?
What does section 7799 in the sample state about the Director-General's duty?
What are general sale medicines according to section 7799?
What is the power of the court mentioned in the sample?
What is the time period for which the name of a medicine cannot be published in relation to court proceedings?
Who can the name of the medicine be published to despite the court order?
Are there any exceptions to the publication of the name of the medicine under this section?
What happens if the name of the medicine is prohibited from being published in relation to certain proceedings?
What is the penalty for contravening subsection (3)?
What is the scope of section 100(2)?
What is the authority given to officers under section 101 of this Act?
What is the purpose of the Customs and Excise Act?
What powers does the Customs have under this Act?
What is the penalty for not complying with the Act?
Who can be held liable under this Act?
How are documents served under this Act?
What is the purpose of this document?
What are the different ways in which a document can be served or given according to this law?
What happens if the person is absent from New Zealand?
What happens if the person is deceased?
What happens if the person's place of residence or business is not known?
Who can direct the manner of serving or giving a document if the person is not known or has no representative?
What is the effect of an order made under this section?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation made under this section?
Who is responsible for publishing secondary legislation made under this section?
What is the purpose of Section 104(2)?
Who has the power to make regulations under Section 105?
What can be prescribed by regulations made under Section 105?
What is the process for making regulations under Section 105?
Are there any limitations on the Governor-General's power to make regulations under Section 105?
What are the requirements for submitting an application under this act?
What factors must be considered by the decision-maker when determining an application?
What is the process for approving persons or organizations under section 23C(1)(c)(iv)?
What qualifications and conditions are required for licenses under this act?
What are the regulations regarding the manufacture, packing, labeling, administration, sale, or supply of medicines?
What prohibitions, limitations, restrictions, or conditions can be imposed under this act?
What provisions of the Act relate to the prescribing, manufacture, packing, labelling, administration, sale, or supply of medicines?
What types of medicines or medical devices are subject to import, export, manufacture, packing, labelling, storage, sale, or supply restrictions?
Under what circumstances can medicines and medical devices be withdrawn from sale?
How does the Act regulate the situation, construction, sanitation, and use of premises where medicines or medical devices are handled?
What are the prescribed standards for sanitation, cleanliness, temperature, and humidity in connection with handling medicines or medical devices?
What is the purpose of this regulation?
What types of medicines or medical devices are subject to this regulation?
What is the consequence of violating this regulation?
How are packages and containers of medicines or medical devices required to be labeled?
Who is responsible for enforcing this regulation?
What are the requirements for persons engaged in the manufacture, import, packing, labeling, sale, or supply of medicines?
What information do persons issuing or dispensing prescriptions need to provide?
Who is authorized to prescribe specified prescription medicines?
What is the purpose of regulating prescription medicines?
What are the conditions and restrictions imposed on delegated prescribing rights?
What are standing orders in relation to prescription medicines?
What are the requirements for administering standing orders?
What information is required from medical practitioners attending to dependent persons?
What are the regulations regarding the sale or supply of medicines to dependent persons?
How are medicines dispensed and compounded?
What other matters are covered under the administration of prescription medicines?
Under what circumstances can fees be waived or refunded?
What types of activities can be subject to regulations under this Act?
What fines can be imposed for contravention of regulations under this Act?
How are the powers of officers regulated and controlled under this Act?
What does subsection (1) allow the Minister to do?
What kind of regulations can be made under this Act?
Can the regulations apply to all medicines and medical devices or only specific ones?
Can different provisions be made for different kinds of medicines or medical devices?
What other matters can be provided for in the regulations?
Can any persons or classes of persons be exempted from the regulations?
What are the limitations on the substances or articles that can be regulated under this Act?
What are the powers given to the Governor-General under this Act?
What is the role of regulations in this Act?
How does this Act define medicines, prescription medicines, restricted medicines, and medical devices?
What is the significance of a monograph contained in a specified publication within the meaning of section 108(1) in relation to this Act?
What is the purpose of this provision?
What does subsection (3) refer to?
What is meant by 'specified publication' in this context?
How are references to a specified publication expressed in regulations?
What happens if the regulations refer to a particular edition of a specified publication?
What happens if the regulations do not refer to a particular edition of a specified publication?
What is the effect of amendments, additions, and deletions made to a specified publication referred to in regulations?
What is the significance of the date on which the regulations are made?
What are monographs in this context?
What is the context of this passage?
What does subsection (5) refer to?
What are paragraphs (g), (h), (k), and (l) of subsection (1)?
What is the meaning of Part 7?
What is the purpose of subsection (1)(qa)?
What is the role of the Director-General in subsections (5A) and (5B)?
What is the timeframe for selling medicine or medical devices under this regulation?
What happens if a medicine or medical device fails to conform to the regulation?
What is considered part of a person's stock-in-trade in New Zealand?
What is secondary legislation under this Act?
What is being compared in this text?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation under LA19?
What is the process for disallowance of secondary legislation?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation referred to in subsection (8)(a)?
Is presentation to the House of Representatives required for all secondary legislation?
What is the transitional exemption under Schedule 1 of the Legislation Act 2019?
What section was amended on July 1st?
What changes were made to Section 105(1) of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
When was Section 105(1)(aa) inserted and by which act?
What is the purpose of Section 105(1)(q)?
When was Section 105(1)(qa) replaced and by which act?
When was Section 105(1)(qaa) inserted and by which act?
When was Section 105(1)(qb) inserted and by which act?
What amendment was made to Section 105(2)(c) and when?
What is section 105(5A) of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is section 105(5B) of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is section 105(8) of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What are the regulations relating to veterinarians and authorised prescribers who are not designated prescribers?
What does section 105(1)(d) of the Medicines Amendment Act refer to?
What is the purpose of the Secondary Legislation Act 2021?
When was section 105(5A) of the Medicines Amendment Act inserted?
When was section 105(8) of the Medicines Amendment Act inserted?
What is the purpose of requiring specified training for prescription medicine prescribers?
What qualifications or training are required to become a designated prescriber?
What is the role of the relevant professional organization in determining who can prescribe prescription medicines?
Are there any penalties for prescribing prescription medicines without the necessary qualifications or training?
Is there a list of prescription medicines that require special qualifications or training to prescribe?
How often are the qualifications and training requirements updated or changed by the Minister or relevant professional organization?
What is section 105A?
What does the Veterinary Council of New Zealand have to do with section 105A?
Who is the responsible authority for the health profession in question?
When was section 105A inserted and amended?
What changes were made to Section 105A(2) of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is Section 105B about?
What are the requirements for a person belonging to a class of registered health professionals authorized to prescribe prescription medicines under Section 105B(1)(a)?
What is the purpose of the specified training for designated prescribers?
What is the role of the relevant professional organization in the prescribing of prescription medicines?
What is the process for demonstrating knowledge to safely prescribe prescription medicines?
What are the consequences for designated prescribers who do not undergo required training or assessments of competence?
How often are assessments of competence required for designated prescribers?
What is the definition of a designated prescriber?
What is the purpose of section 105B?
What are the requirements for prescribing prescription medicines under this section?
What is the role of a relevant professional organization in this section?
When was section 105B inserted and by which act?
Has section 105B been amended before? If yes, what were the amendments made?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act 2016?
What does section 105B(2) of the Medicines Amendment Act 2016 state?
What is the purpose of section 105C of the Medicines Amendment Act 2016?
What authority does the Governor-General have under section 105C of the Medicines Amendment Act 2016?
What are the requirements for the Minister to recommend an Order in Council under section 105C of the Medicines Amendment Act 2016?
What is the purpose of Section 105C?
What are the publication requirements for an order under this section?
Where must an order under this section that is not secondary legislation be published?
What must be published with the order recommended by the Minister?
What are the requirements for secondary legislation made under this section according to the Legislation Act 2019?
What is the presentation requirement for an order made under this section?
Can an order made under this section be disallowed?
What is the Act 2003?
What is Section 105C(3)?
When was Section 105C(3) replaced and by what?
What is Section 105C(4)?
When was Section 105C(4) inserted and by what?
What is Section 105C(5)?
When was Section 105C(5) inserted and by what?
What are the regulations that can be made under Section 105(1)(qaa)?
What is delegated prescribing?
What class of registered health professionals can be granted delegated prescribing rights?
How are delegated prescribing orders regulated?
What are the responsibilities of authorised prescribers who issue delegated prescribing orders?
What conditions, limitations, requirements, or restrictions can be imposed in relation to the contents of delegated prescribing orders and their use?
What is the requirement for any person who belongs to any class of registered health professional with delegated prescribing rights?
What is the purpose of section 105D?
What are the requirements imposed on delegated prescribers under this section?
What is the consequence of failing to comply with the requirements imposed by this section?
What is the power granted to the Director-General under section 105E?
How can prescription medicines be prescribed under delegated prescribing orders according to section 105E?
What is the purpose of section 105E?
What is required before a notice can be issued under subsection (1) of section 105E?
Who must the Director-General consult with before issuing a notice under subsection (1) of section 105E?
Is a notice under section 105E considered secondary legislation?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation made under section 105E?
Is it required to present a notice under section 105E to the House of Representatives?
Can a notice under section 105E be disallowed by the House of Representatives?
What is Section 105E(1) and what changes were made to it?
What is Section 105E(3) and why was it inserted?
What is Section 105F and what does it entail?
What kind of written material can be incorporated by reference under Section 105F(1)?
What is Schedule 3 and how does it apply to material incorporated by reference in regulations?
How does Section 105F impact the regulation-making process for medicines?
What does section 37 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013 state?
What powers does the Minister have under section 37 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What are prescription medicines, restricted medicines, and pharmacy-only medicines?
How long does a notice given under section 37 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013 remain in force?
What happens to provisions of regulations made under section 105(1)(j) if they are inconsistent with a notice given under section 37?
Is a notice given under section 37 considered secondary legislation?
What are the publication requirements for secondary legislation made under section 37 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What is Section 106(1) and what amendment has been made to it?
What is the power given to the Director-General under Section 107 of the Act?
Can the House of Representatives disallow the presentation of this Act?
What are the consequences for failing to comply with subsection (2)?
What are specified publications under section 108 of this act?
What is the United States Pharmacopoeia?
What is the Therapeutic Goods Standards of Australia?
How are publications referenced in licenses, consents, or approvals under this Act?
What is the purpose of section 109 of the Medicines Act 1968?
What is the relationship between this Act and the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What is the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What is a controlled drug within the meaning of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What are the prohibitions, conditions, and requirements contained in or imposed under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What does section 8 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975 state?
What activities does section 8 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975 not authorise?
What happens if a person is authorised by a licence under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975 to manufacture, pack, or sell a controlled drug that is a medicine?
What is the purpose of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What is the exception provided in subsections (1) and (2)?
What is the effect of subsection (3A) on drug and substance checking service providers?
What is the condition for subsection (3A) to apply?
What happens in case of any inconsistency between this Act and the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What is the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What is the relationship between the two Acts?
What happens in case of inconsistency between the two Acts?
When was section 110 substituted and why?
What amendment was made to Section 110(2) of the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996?
When was Section 111 repealed and by which act?
What was Section 112 about and when was it repealed?
What amendment was made to the Ombudsmen Act 1975?
What is mentioned in Section 114 of the Acts Interpretation Act 1924?
What is the Restricted Drugs Act 1960?
What does it mean to be licensed to pack and label prescription medicines, restricted medicines, and pharmacy-only medicines?
What limitations are there on licenses referred to in subsection (1)?
What sections of the Food and Drug Act 1969 continue to apply despite the repeal by section 115 of this Act?
What is the title of the Act?
When did section 114A expire?
What does Schedule 1AA relate to?
When was Schedule 1AA inserted?
What does section 5C of Schedule 1AA relate to?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act 2021?
What medicines have been granted provisional consent under section 23?
What is Comirnaty and what is its provisional consent status?
What is Necon 0.5/35 and what is its provisional consent status?
What is 0.9% Sodium Chloride Injection and what is its provisional consent status?
What is the Panvax vaccine and what is its provisional consent status?
What is Brevinor 28 Day and what is its provisional consent status?
What is H5N1 Influenza Vaccine and what is its provisional consent status?
What is the purpose of Schedule 1AA clause 1?
What does subclause (2) of Schedule 1AA clause 1 state?
What medical conditions are listed in Part 1 of Schedule 1?
What is the significance of a provisional consent being renewed or subsequently granted for the same product?
How does a notice in the Gazette relate to Schedule 1AA clause 1?
What are the different diseases listed?
What is Schedule 2 about?
Which enactments are repealed in Schedule 2?
What is the purpose of Schedule 3?
What does section 38 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013 do?
What is the purpose of section 105F?
What are the requirements that must be met before regulations incorporating material by reference can be made?
What is the role of the Director-General in this process?
What information must be included in the notice published in the Gazette?
How can copies of the proposed material be obtained?
Is there a cost associated with obtaining copies of the proposed material?
What happens if making copies of the proposed material available on the Internet would infringe copyright?
What is the purpose of this proposal?
How can people access the proposed material?
Is there a deadline for submitting comments on the proposal?
What is the purpose of this clause?
What happens if there is no accurate translation of the material in an official New Zealand language?
Does non-compliance with this clause invalidate regulations that incorporate material by reference?
What is the Director-General not allowed to do under subclause (1)(c)?
When does clause 2 apply?
What are the responsibilities of the Director-General under clause 2?
Where must the incorporated material be made available for inspection?
Is there a charge for inspecting the incorporated material?
What other places can the Director-General determine as appropriate for making the incorporated material available for inspection?
Is there a requirement to provide copies of the incorporated material?
If so, where should the copies be obtained from?
What is the Ministry of Health?
What is the purpose of incorporating material into regulations?
What requirements must be met when incorporating material into regulations?
What notice must be given when incorporating material into regulations?
What authority does the Director-General have in regards to making incorporated material available?
What does subclause (4) state?
How can the incorporated material be accessed according to subclause (4)?
What is the role of the Director-General in complying with subclause (2)(c)?
What happens if there is a failure to comply with this clause?
What is the definition of 'material' in this clause?
What is the exception to the Director-General's authority according to subclause (7)?
What is the legal effect of material incorporated by reference?
What happens if the originator of the material amends it after the regulations are made?
How can amendments to the material be incorporated into the regulations?
What constitutes an amendment to the material incorporated by reference?
How can proof of the material incorporated by reference be provided?
What is required for material incorporated by reference in regulations?
How is evidence of material incorporated by reference established?
Does the Legislation Act 2019 apply to material incorporated by reference?
What happened to clause 7 of Schedule 3?
What is the application of Standards?
What amendments have been made to the Medicines Act 1981?
What is the purpose of Schedule 3 clause 8?
What are sections 29 to 32 of the Standards and Accreditation Act 2015?
What is the legal status of a consolidation?
What is an official version of legislation?
What is this document?
What is the purpose of the Parliamentary Counsel Office?
What changes does the Parliamentary Counsel Office make to consolidations?
What amendments are incorporated in this consolidation?
What is the Substance Addiction (Compulsory Assessment and Treatment) Act 2017?
What is the title of the act?
What year was the Agricultural Compounds and Veterinary Medicines Amendment Act 2016 passed?
What section of the Radiation Safety Act 2016 discusses medicines?
What is the title of the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Amendment Act 2015 about?
What section of the Policing Act 2008 discusses property?
What year was the Insolvency Act 2006 passed?
What does section 105 of the Veterinarians Act 2005 discuss?
What is the title of the Human Assisted Reproductive Technology Act 2004 about?
What is the title of the 2003 No 84 Act?
What is the purpose of the Health and Disability Services (Safety) Act 2001?
Which sections of the Agricultural Compounds and Veterinary Medicines Act 1997 are mentioned?
What is the significance of section 149 of the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996?
What is the title of the 1990 No 69 Act?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act 1987?
What is the Fair Trading Act 1986?
What is the Area Health Boards Act 1983?
What is a site map?
What is a glossary?
What is accessibility?
What is copyright?
What is privacy?
What is a disclaimer?
What is the purpose of the passage?
What terms are defined in the passage?
What are the circumstances under which prescription medicines can be supplied and administered without a prescription?
What is the Minister's authority in relation to laboratories?
What requirements are mentioned for secondary legislation?
What Acts are discussed in the passage?
What changes were made to the Acts discussed in the passage?
What is the Medicines Classification Committee in New Zealand?
What are the responsibilities of advisory committees in New Zealand?
What is the appointment process for members of the Medicines Classification Committee?
What is the Medicines Review Committee and who appoints its members?
What is the role of subcommittees in the Medicines Classification Committee?
What power does the Minister have in relation to advisory committees in New Zealand?
What is the Public Health Act?
What does the Public Health Act explain?
What are the responsibilities outlined in the Public Health Act?
What are the licensing requirements under the Medicines Act?
Who can sell prescription medicines in New Zealand?
What are the exceptions allowed for selling prescription medicines?
What is prohibited by the Medicines Act?
What are the exceptions outlined in Section 18 of the Medicines Act?
What is Section 20 of the Medicines Act?
What are the consequences for violating Section 18 of the Medicines Act?
What is the purpose of the recent amendments to Section 20?
What are the regulations for selling prescription medicines in New Zealand?
What is the application process for a license to sell medicine in New Zealand?
What are Sections 23A and 23B of the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is the protection period for confidential information related to innovative medicine applications?
When does the protection period end?
What happens if no notice is given within the time frame?
What are the requirements for obtaining provisional consent for medicines in New Zealand?
What are the possible conditions and revocation for obtaining provisional consent?
What are the publication and transparency obligations for obtaining provisional consent?
What is the exemption under Schedule 1 of the Legislation Act?
What is the possibility of disallowance by the House of Representatives?
What are the definitions for terms used in Sections 23B and 23C?
What are the past amendments to Section 23?
What are the periods for considering new active ingredients in medicine applications?
What does the Medicines Act regulate?
What are some of the requirements for labeling and reporting changes to medicines?
What penalties can result from non-compliance with the Medicines Act?
What authority does the Director-General have in relation to new medicines?
What is section 24A of the Medicines Act?
What role does the Minister of Health play in approving medicines for distribution, sale, or advertising?
Are there definitions provided for certain terms in the Medicines Act?
What is the role of the Director-General or EPA in approving the release, distribution, sale, or advertising of new medicines and hazardous substances?
Under what circumstances can the Minister of Health give consent for the release, distribution, sale, or advertising of new medicines and hazardous substances?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act and how does it relate to the approval process for distributing, selling, or advertising medicines containing hazardous substances or new organisms during a special emergency situation?
What are the requirements outlined in the Medicines Act of New Zealand for authorized prescribers and pharmacists regarding the supply and administration of medicine?
Are there any exceptions to Section 20 of the Medicines Act that prohibits distribution of new medicines? If so, what are they?
What are the concerns about unlicensed medicines?
What does Section 31 of the Secondary Legislation Act 2021 outline?
What are the requirements for conducting a medicine trial in New Zealand?
How long does the Director-General have to approve a trial?
What information must be provided about the trial and medicine?
What safety measures must be followed during a medicine trial?
What are the conditions for medicine distribution during a trial?
What authorities are exempt from certain regulations?
What powers does the Minister have under the Medicines Act?
What is Section 36 of the Medicines Act?
What is Section 24 of the Medicines Act?
What are the penalties for contravening notices issued under the Medicines Act?
What is the purpose of the Medicines Act in New Zealand?
What are the consequences of non-compliance with the Medicines Act?
What are the requirements for importers and manufacturers of medicines in New Zealand?
What restrictions are placed on pharmacies and pharmacists under New Zealand law?
What does Section 43 of the Medicines Amendment Act 2003 restrict?
What is the Medicines Amendment Act 2013 in New Zealand?
What does the Medicines Act 1968 and the Medicines Amendment Act 2013 prohibit?
What are the exceptions for possession of prescription medicine?
What is the burden of proof for possessing prescription medicine?
What are the requirements for selling medicines under the Acts?
What powers do councils and boards have under the Medicines Amendment Act?
What is the offence related to supplying restricted medicines?
What is the role of Medical Officers of Health in preventing medicine dependency?
What are the requirements for obtaining a license to sell medicines in the UK?
What factors may be considered when evaluating an applicant's eligibility for a medicine-selling license?
Can criminal records or past conduct solely deny a license?
Are there any restrictions on where medicines can be sold in the UK?
What actions can result in a license being revoked or cancelled?
What is the process for obtaining a license to pack medicine?
What is the purpose of this section of the Medicines Amendment Act 2013?
What are the different types of licenses mentioned in this section?
What happens if a licensee fails to renew their license on time?
What are the penalties for contravening the Act or failing to produce a license when required?
What is the duration of a license for manufacturing and importing medicines?
What is the role of the licensing authority in relation to licenses for pharmacies and medicine manufacturers/importers?
What does this section of the Medicines Act 1981 cover?
What are the criteria for obtaining a pharmacy license?
What are the consequences of not following the rules outlined in this section?
What conditions must be met by license holders?
What restrictions are there on companies operating pharmacies?
When was this section of the Medicines Act 1981 amended?
What are the requirements for reinstating a pharmacy license?
Who can own a pharmacy according to this section?
What exemptions are there for hospitals and existing companies?
What do the definitions of 'person' and 'pharmacist' clarify?
What do sections 55D and 55E of the Medicines Act 1981 outline?
What is prohibited according to sections 55D and 55E?
What does the 1968 Medicines Act regulate?
What is prohibited under the 1969 Medicines Act?
What are the requirements for regulations made by the Minister?
What is considered secondary legislation?
What powers do officers have in enforcing regulations related to medicine advertising?
Under what circumstances can a seized substance or article be released?
Can compensation be awarded for wrongful seizure?
Who can require suspected individuals to produce related records?
What happens to seized goods?
What can officials require from individuals suspected of possessing illegal medical items?
Is failure to comply with producing related records an offense?
Are confidential information or sources protected under the Act?
What is the purpose of the document?
What offences related to medicines are discussed in the document?
What penalties are outlined for these offences?
What amendments have been made to the Medicines Act and its regulations?
Who is held accountable for offences related to medicines in New Zealand?
What is strict liability in the sale of medicine?
What is the consequence for refusing to cooperate with authorities according to the document?
What does the law state about liability for products sold in containers?
What are the consequences of conviction under this law?
Who is held responsible for legal consequences related to medicine or medical devices?
What defenses are available under this law?
What is the process for cancelling or disqualifying a license under this law?
What is the process for appealing decisions made by the Medicines Review Committee?
What power does the High Court have in modifying or substituting decisions?
What is the definition of 'related products' according to section 94?
What factors does the Court of Appeal consider before granting leave to appeal?
Are decisions made by the Medicines Review Committee final, regardless of an appeal?
What are related products according to the Medicines Act 1981?
What restrictions does Part 7A of the Medicines Act 1981 impose on xenotransplantation and biological material?
What is the punishment for breaking the law related to biotechnical procedures involving animal biological material?
What power does the Minister have in relation to authorizing specific procedures?
What sections of the Cines (Restricted Biotechnical Procedures) Amendment Act 2002 were repealed by the Human Assisted Reproductive Technology Act 2004?
What does the current law say about unauthorized biotechnical procedures?
What is the purpose of the legislation discussed in the passage?
What are the consequences of breaking this law?
What are the powers and protections of customs officers?
What other acts provide further details on these regulations?
What topics related to New Zealand's legal system are covered in the passage?
What does the Act regulate?
What are some of the provisions included in the Act?
What standards are specified for medical devices?
What are the requirements for labelling and packaging of medicines and medical devices?
Who is allowed to prescribe specific medicines?
What procedures are in place for assessing and correcting damage or leakage from packages or containers?
What are the requirements for individuals to prescribe prescription medicines in New Zealand?
What qualifications or training do designated prescribers need in New Zealand?
What regulations are imposed on veterinarians and authorized prescribers who are not designated prescribers in New Zealand?
When was the Medicines Act last amended in New Zealand?
What is the responsible authority for each profession in New Zealand?
What happens if designated prescribers do not comply with the Medicines Amendment Act 2013 in New Zealand?
What is an order in council in relation to pharmacy ownership and operation in New Zealand?
What is Section 105C of the Medicines Act in New Zealand?
How does the Legislation Act 2019 relate to the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What are the requirements for disclosing information about medicines and medical devices in New Zealand?
What are the regulations in place for prescribing medicines in New Zealand?
What does the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021 add to the Misuse of Drugs Act 1975?
What are the new provisions added by the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
What does the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996 amendment involve?
What are the transitional provisions related to wholesaler's restricted drugs licenses in the Hazardous Substances and New Organisms Act 1996 amendment?
What is the purpose of the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021?
How does the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021 protect those with a reasonable excuse for possessing controlled drugs?
What immunity does the Drug and Substance Checking Legislation Act 2021 provide for licensed drug and substance checking service providers?
What does the Medicines Amendment Act 2021 do?
What medical conditions are relevant to the distribution of new medicines according to the Medicines Amendment Act 2021?
What is the process for incorporating proposed material by reference into regulations according to the Medicines Amendment Act 2021?
What is the process for incorporating material by reference in regulations?
What legal effect does incorporated material have as part of the regulations?
Do amendments to the original material have legal effect?
What is required for certified copies of incorporated material?
What acts do not apply to this type of incorporation?
What is clause 7 and has it been repealed?
What does clause 8 relate to?
What is the electronic version of the Coroners Act 2006?
What topics do the Acts that have been amended or added cover?
Is the electronic version of the Coroners Act considered official?
Are versions produced directly from the electronic version also official?
What is the purpose of the webpage?
What types of Acts related to medicines and healthcare are listed on the webpage?
Are there any additional resources provided on the webpage?
Is the webpage specific to New Zealand or does it cover other countries as well?


https://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/2020/0031/latest/LMS23223.html#LMS23193

Privacy Act 2020 No 31 (as at 20 April 2023), Public Act Contents – New Zealand Legislation

The Privacy Act 2020 in New Zealand sets rules for handling personal information and is enforced by the Office of the Privacy Commissioner. The act applies to both government agencies and private businesses and includes provisions for protecting personal information, accessing and correcting personal information, complaints, investigations, and proceedings related to privacy violations. The act also covers liability for agency members, information sharing agreements, reporting requirements, authorised information matching programmes, and miscellaneous provisions such as the appointment of privacy officers and powers relating to inquiries and declaratory judgments. The documents reference the OECD Guidelines for privacy protection. The website of the Parliamentary Counsel Office provides access to these documents and additional resources such as search options and contact information. No specific details about any recent amendments are given.

Questions:

What is the Privacy Act 2020?
When was the Privacy Act 2020 enacted?
What does the Privacy Act 2020 regulate?
What are the key provisions of the Privacy Act 2020?
How does the Privacy Act 2020 impact individuals and organizations in New Zealand?
What are the penalties for non-compliance with the Privacy Act 2020?
What types of legal documents can be searched for?
Is there an option for advanced search?
What are the available options for browsing?
What is the purpose of the 'tagged sections/clauses' feature?
Can the search results be printed?
Is there a help section for the quick search feature?
What is HelpDRegQuickSearch?
Who is the administering agency for the Privacy Act 2020?
Are all amendments incorporated in the Privacy Act 2020?
How can I search within the Privacy Act 2020?
What is the title of this document?
What is the size of the document?
What type of legislation is this?
When was it passed?
When did it come into effect?
Has this document been amended?
Who made editorial and format changes to this version?
What does Note 4 at the end of this version provide?
What is the purpose of this Act?
Which ministry administers this Act?
What is included in Part 1 of this Act?
What is the role of the Privacy Commissioner?
What are the functions of the Privacy Commissioner?
What is the duty of the Responsible Minister under this Act?
What is the purpose of this document?
What are IPPs?
Do IPPs apply to personal information collected before July 1, 1993?
Do IPPs apply to personal information collected by intelligence and security agencies?
Can the Commissioner authorize collection, use, storage, or disclosure of personal information otherwise in breach of IPPs?
What is the enforceability of IPPs?
What are codes of practice in relation to IPPs?
How is a code of practice issued?
Can a code of practice be urgently issued?
What is the Legislation Act 2019?
What is the purpose of codes of practice?
How can individuals request access to their personal information?
What are some reasons for refusing access to personal information?
Can agencies impose conditions instead of refusing access to personal information?
What is Subpart 2 about?
What is the responsibility of the agency before giving access to personal information?
Who can make correction requests?
What is the procedure for making a complaint?
Can a complaint be referred to an overseas privacy enforcement authority?
What is Part 3 of the Human Rights Act about?
What is the role of the Director in proceedings before the Human Rights Review Tribunal?
Who can commence proceedings in the Human Rights Review Tribunal?
What is the right of the Director in proceedings commenced under section 98?
Is an apology admissible in proceedings before the Human Rights Review Tribunal?
What is the onus of proof in proceedings before the Human Rights Review Tribunal?
What remedies are available in respect of interference with privacy?
What is an access order?
How is an access direction enforced?
Is there a right to appeal against an access direction?
What is Subpart 1 of Part 6 of the Human Rights Act about?
What is a notifiable privacy breach?
When does an agency need to notify the Commissioner of a notifiable privacy breach?
What are the requirements for notification of a notifiable privacy breach?
What happens if an agency fails to notify the Commissioner of a notifiable privacy breach?
What is a compliance notice?
What is the process for issuing a compliance notice?
What happens if an agency does not comply with a compliance notice?
What enforcement proceedings can be taken by the Commissioner?
What is the purpose of Part 7 Subpart 1?
How does Subpart 1 relate to other laws about information disclosure?
What is an information sharing agreement?
Who can be parties to an information sharing agreement?
What are the requirements for an Order in Council to approve an information sharing agreement?
What matters must the relevant Minister consider before recommending an Order in Council?
What is the purpose of the proposed information sharing agreement?
Who is responsible for giving notice of adverse action?
What are the responsibilities of the lead agency?
Can the Commissioner specify the frequency of reporting by the lead agency?
How can an approved information sharing agreement be amended?
What is the purpose of Subpart 2 on identity information?
How does Subpart 2 relate to other laws relating to information disclosure?
Who has access to identity information under this subpart?
What is the annual reporting requirement under Subpart 2?
Can Schedule 3 be amended by Order in Council?
What is the purpose of Subpart 4?
What is the relationship between this subpart and other laws relating to information disclosure?
What is an authorised information matching programme?
What are the reporting requirements for authorised information matching programmes?
What is the Responsible Minister required to do under section 185?
How can controls on information matching be avoided?
What is Schedule 4 and who has the power to amend it?
What is the purpose of Part 8 in this document?
What is the penalty for violating the transfer prohibition notice?
Who has the power to amend Schedule 5 and Schedule 6?
What is the role of privacy officers according to Part 9?
What powers does the Commissioner have under Part 8?
What are the regulations mentioned in this document?
What is the liability of employers, principals, and agencies according to this document?
What is Schedule 1 about?
What is Schedule 4 about?
What is the title of the legislation?
Is there any information about the enacting body?
Is there a website listed in the document?
Are there any notes or amendments mentioned?
Is there a glossary or other helpful resources listed?
